The incidence and mortality rates of colorectal cancer (CRC) continue to increase worldwide. Therefore, new preventive strategies are needed to lower the burden of this disease. Previous studies reported that aspirin could suppress the development of sporadic colorectal adenoma. In addition, metformin is a biguanide derivative that is long widely used for the treatment of diabetes mellitus and has recently been suggested to have a suppressive effect on carcinogenesis and cancer cell growth. Both drugs exhibit a chemopreventive effect, but their efficacy is limited.
Aberrant crypt foci (ACF), defined as lesions containing crypts that are larger in diameter and stain more darkly with methylene blue than normal crypts, are more prevalent in patients with cancer and adenomas, and considered a reliable surrogate biomarker of CRC. Thus, we designed a prospective trial as a preliminary study prior to a CRC chemoprevention trial to evaluate the chemopreventive effect of aspirin combined with metformin on colorectal ACF formation in patients scheduled for polypectomy.
This study is a double-blind randomized controlled trial that will be conducted in patients with both colorectal ACF and colorectal polyps scheduled for polypectomy. Eligible patients will be recruited for the study and the number of ACF in the rectum will be counted at the baseline colonoscopy. Then, the participants will be allocated to one of the following two groups; the aspirin plus placebo group or the aspirin plus metformin group. Patients in the aspirin plus placebo group will receive oral aspirin (100 mg) and placebo for 8 weeks, and those in the aspirin plus metformin group will receive oral aspirin (100 mg) and metformin (250 mg) for 8 weeks. After 8 weeks of administration, polypectomy will be performed to evaluate changes in the number of ACF, and the cell-proliferative activity in the normal colorectal mucosa and colorectal polyps.
This is the first study proposed that will explore the effect of aspirin combined with metformin on the formation of colorectal ACF in humans.
This trial has been registered in the University Hospital Medical Information Network (UMIN) Clinical Trials Registry as 
Cancer is a major health concern and the leading cause of death worldwide. The incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer (CRC) continues to increase worldwide [
Patients with type 2 diabetes who were prescribed metformin have been reported to be at a low risk of cancer development, including CRC), compared with those who were not treated with metformin [
The current recommended treatment for hypertension or diabetes mellitus is multiple drug combination therapy, which requires a lower dose of each drug to achieve a maximum therapeutic effect while avoiding toxic effects. Here, we hypothesize that aspirin and metformin combination therapy is more effective than single use of these drugs for CRC prevention. To test this hypothesis, this proposed study will investigate whether the combined use of aspirin and metformin shows a stronger chemopreventive effect than aspirin or metformin alone. In CRC chemoprevention trials, in general, the incidence of adenomas or the cancer itself is set as the study endpoint. Although the incidence rate of CRC is the most reliable endpoint, the use of this endpoint would be unsuitable for chemoprevention trials because of the relatively low occurrence rate of CRC in the general population [
This study is designed as a double-blind placebo-control RCT to be performed in nondiabetic patients with both colorectal ACF and resectable polyps. It will be conducted in the Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at Yokohama City University (YCU) Hospital. The coordinating office will be at the YCU Hospital, and registration and data collection will be conducted at the YCU center for novel and exploratory clinical trials (Y-NEXT).
The study protocol complies with the Declaration of Helsinki [
Patients with both colorectal ACF and resectable polyps will be recruited for this study. The inclusion criteria are as follows:

Patients with resectable polyps.
Patients with more than 10 rectal ACF.
Willingness to provide written informed consent.
The exclusion criteria are as follows:

Patients with lesions for which preferred early resection is preferred.
History of regular use (defined as at least once per week) of NSAIDs and/or aspirin.
History of regular use of warfarin and/or direct oral anticoagulants (DOAC).
History of diabetes mellitus (defined as a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level more than 6.5% or regular use of anti-diabetic drugs).
History of heart failure, renal failure, liver cirrhosis or chronic hepatic failure.
History of familial adenomatous polyposis, hereditary non-polyposis CRC and inflammatory bowel disease.
Pregnancy or possibility of pregnancy.
Contraindication to aspirin or metformin.
Allergy to aspirin or metformin
Patients judged as inappropriate candidates for the trial by the investigators.
All eligible patients will be randomly allocated to one of the two following groups; the aspirin plus placebo group and aspirin plus metformin group. Endoscopists, doctors at the follow-up outpatient clinics and patients will be blinded to the groups. Patients in the aspirin plus placebo group will receive oral aspirin (100 mg) and placebo per day for 8 weeks, and patients in the aspirin plus metformin group will receive 100 mg of aspirin and 250 mg of metformin per day for 8 weeks. At the end of the 8 weeks of administration of a colonoscopy will be performed to evaluate the number of rectal ACF.
The primary endpoint will be the change in the number of colorectal ACF after 8 weeks of treatment. A magnifying colonoscope will be used in all cases (H260AZI, PCF-Q260AZI, PCF-Q290AZI, HZ290; Olympus Co., Tokyo, Japan), with carbon dioxide insufflation. Bowel preparation for the colonoscopy will be initiated one day before the procedure. Each patient will be instructed to consume a low-residue diet and take 5 mg of oral sodium picosulfate on the evening before the procedure. On the day of the procedure, each patient will be given 1500 ml of polyethylene glycol (PEG). If the stools are not sufficiently clear, an additional 500 ml of PEG will be given to ensure sufficient bowel cleaning. For conscious sedation, midazolam and pentazocine will be administered at the beginning of the procedure. Intramuscular glucagon or scopolamine will be administered to reduce colonic movements. At the time of the first colonoscopy, the endoscope will be inserted into the cecum, and the entire colorectum will be carefully observed as the endoscope is pulled back. Rectal epithelial samples will be obtained. The number of rectal ACFs will be counted as follows. First, the rectum will be washed with warm water, then sprayed with 0.25% methylene blue solution and stained for 2 min, washed again with warm water, and finally examined by magnifying endoscopy for ACFs. At the end of 8 weeks of administration, the same endoscopists will perform the polypectomy and counting of the ACF. All procedures will be recorded on DVD, and all of the ACF will be photographed. The number of ACF in each patient will be counted by the endoscopists during the colonoscopy. To further ensure validity, the number of ACF will be counted again through observation of the recorded DVD by 3 blinded expert endoscopists (H.T, A. J and A.K). If there was a discrepancy among the blinded specialists, we adopted the consent of at least two of the three. Additionaly if these expert endoscopists judge the colonoscopy examination as inadequate, that case will be excluded.
The secondary outcomes will include (1) the drug safety; adverse events (AEs) will be graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE), version 4.0. All study participants will be provided with a study diary to record the daily dosage of the study treatment and the AEs. Patients developing grade 3 or more severe AEs will be withdrawn from the study at that point. (2) Effects of additional metformin on the cell-proliferation in the rectal epithelium and polyps: Rectal epithelial samples will be obtained from the same trial patients by biopsy at the time of the first colonoscopy and polypectomy. Cell-proliferative activity will be evaluated by the analysis of the Ki-67 labeling indices. Briefly, immunochromatography will be carried out using a50-fold dilution of the Ki-67 antibody (DAKO, Glostrup, Denmark) and the avidin-biotin-peroxidase complex (ABC) kit (Vector, Burlingame, CA) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Then, we will randomly select six crypts and count the number of Ki67-positive cells per crypt. In total, ~ 250 cells will be counted at a magnification of × 400 using a bright-field microscope. The results will be presented as the percentage of Ki67-positive cells. All participants will undergo a physical examination and laboratory tests at the time of the baseline endoscopic examination and polypectomy.
The investigator will repot the patient’s details to the central registration center via fax. After an eligibility check, the patients will be randomly assigned to receive aspirin plus placebo or aspirin plus metformin at the central registration center by a computer program that will block allocation by age and sex. In this way, the patient assignments will be concealed from the investigator. The randomization center will allocate a numbered treatment pack to each patient, which will contain all the drugs or placebos needed to complete a course of the trial treatment for one patient. Drug allocation was masked from all patients, endoscopists, doctors, and investigators until the end of the trial.
Aspirin will be purchased from Bayer Pharma, Ltd. Metformin will be purchased from Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma Co., Ltd. The placebo (250 mg lactose) will be purchased from Kondo photo process Co., Ltd., Osaka, Japan. All trial drugs will be packaged identically and identified only by number. Subjects will be instructed to take two tablets of the trial drugs after breakfast each day. Compliance will be monitored by counting the empty drug packages returned by the patients at colonoscopy. The participants will be also interviewed and monitored that they had not used prohibited agents (aspirin, metformin and/or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs). If serious adverse events or less than 80% drug compliance are confirmed in a patient, that patient will be removed from the final analysis.
We previously showed that metformin administered at 250 mg/d for 1 year suppressed metachronous adenoma and the effectiveness was similar to previous aspirin chemoprevention trials [
The changes of ACFs number in each group, the primary endpoint, will be compared between the aspirin plus placebo group and the aspirin plus metformin group by the Student 
The Trial Steering Committee and Data Monitoring Committee will be located in the Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology at Yokohama City University Hospital. The Management Team will monitor the trial progress status and data by face-to-face and/or telephonic contact with each of the trial investigators every month.
A flow chart of the study is shown in Fig. 
Study Flow
This is the first study proposed to evaluate the chemopreventive effect of aspirin and metformin combination therapy in patients with rectal ACF. Given its role as an analgesic, antipyretic and agent for cardiovascular prophylaxis, aspirin has become one of the most commonly used drugs. Many studies have provided considerable evidence demonstrating its potential for the prevention of CRC. Aspirin exerts its anticancer effects through several interconnected mechanisms, including prostaglandin synthesis and catabolism in epithelial cells [
This trial may have the following limitations. First, ACFs are considered as a reliable surrogate biomarker of CRC [
If this combination therapy was found to be more effective for the prevention of CRC, the impact would be significant. Therefore, we consider it of interest to determine whether the combined use of aspirin and metformin shows a stronger chemopreventive effect on the formation of human colorectal ACFs than either aspirin or metformin alone.
Colorectal cancer
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
cyclooxygenase-2
Aberrant crypt foci
AMP-activated protein kinase
University hospital Medical Information Network
Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
The authors would like to thank the staff of the participating institutions for their support in recruiting eligible patients, and the patients who participated in this study. We thank Melissa Crawford, PhD, from Edanz Group (
The trial began recruiting patients in July 2017 and will complete recruitment in March 2022. Data collection will be completed in July 2022, and the results are scheduled to be published in November 2022.
TH, JA and AN conceived of the study. TH and JA equally contributed to this manuscript. TH, JA, KA, NM, TY, TM, AF and HO will perform the baseline colonoscopy and polypectomy. JA, TH and KA will conduct another count of ACF using a DVD recording to ensure its validity. TT, NM, TY, AF and HO will recruit participants and follow-up at the outpatient clinic. Analysis and interpretation of data will be conducted by TH, JA and KA. All the authors have read the final manuscript and approve of its submission for publication.
Grants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (C) from Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) to TH. This protocol did not be reviewed by the funding body.
The datasets used and/or analyzed during the current study will be available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
We obtained approval for this study from the Ethics Committee of Yokohama City University Hospital on December 22, 2016. The protocol and informed consent form were approved by the institutional ethics committee at Yokohama City University Hospital. Written informed consent for participation in the study will be obtained from all participating patients.
Not applicable.
None of the authors has any financial or non-financial competing interests relevant to this trial to disclose.
Recent evidence supports hippocampal avoidance with whole brain radiotherapy (HA-WBRT) as the recommended treatment option in patients with good prognosis and multiple brain metastases as this results in better neurocognitive preservation compared to whole brain radiotherapy. However, there is often poor tumour control with this technique due to the low doses given. Stereotactic Radiosurgery (SRS), a form of focused radiotherapy which is given to patients who have a limited number of brain metastases, delivers a higher radiation dose to the metastases resulting in better target lesion control. With improvements in radiation technology, advanced dose-painting techniques now allow a simultaneous integrated boost (SIB) dose to lesions whilst minimising doses to the hippocampus to potentially improve brain tumour control and preserve cognitive outcomes. This technique is abbreviated to HA-SIB-WBRT or HA-WBRT+SIB.
We hypothesise that the SIB in HA-SIB-WBRT (experimental arm) will result in better tumour control compared to HA-WBRT (control arm). This may also lead to better intracranial disease control as well as functional and survival outcomes. We aim to conduct a prospective randomised phase II trial in patients who have good performance status, multiple brain metastases (4–25 lesions) and a reasonable life expectancy (> 6 months). These patients will be stratified according to the number of brain metastases and randomised between the 2 arms. We aim for a recruitment of 100 patients from a single centre over a period of 2 years. Our primary endpoint is target lesion control. These patients will be followed up over the following year and data on imaging, toxicity, quality of life, activities of daily living and cognitive measurements will be collected at set time points. The results will then be compared across the 2 arms and analysed.
Patients with brain metastases are living longer. Maintaining functional independence and intracranial disease control is thus increasingly important. Improving radiotherapy treatment techniques could provide better control and survival outcomes whilst maintaining quality of life, cognition and functional capacity. This trial will assess the benefits and possible toxicities of giving a SIB to HA-WBRT.
None
The management of brain metastases presents a significant challenge in oncology. Whole brain radiation therapy (WBRT) is widely given to improve neurological symptoms, stop brain metastasis progression and possibly prolong survival. Unfortunately, neurocognitive functional decline is reported in a significant number of patients who undergo WBRT at rates of 31–57% at 3 months and 48–89% at 1 year [
The hippocampus plays a key role in learning, memory and cognitive function [
A recent phase 3 trial, NRG-CC001, randomised 518 patients to Hippocampal avoidance-WBRT (HA-WBRT) against standard WBRT. Cognitive endpoints were measured using a test battery of Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised (HVLT-R), Controlled Oral Word Association, and Trail Making Test (TMT) Part A & B. At a median follow-up for alive patients of 7.9 months, a significant reduction in cognitive failure risk was noted (HR, 0.76; 
This trial introduced HA-WBRT as a new standard option in patients with multiple brain metastases and good prognosis. However, some clinicians would still favour the use of Stereotactic Radiosurgery (SRS) over HA-WBRT in patients with low volume brain metastases. The reasons could possibly be better cognitive sparing or tumoral control due to the higher ablative doses used in SRS. Several trials are underway comparing the use of HA-WBRT against SRS (
In the landmark RTOG 95–08 trial which compared an SRS boost vs. no boost in patients undergoing WBRT, the patients in the boost arm had improved local control rates, better functional autonomy and reduced steroid need with few toxicities [
Several single-arm prospective studies looked at the use of WBRT+SIB or HA-SIB-WBRT in variable patient cohorts with SIB doses of 40–52.5Gy in 10–15 fractions [
Given that brain metastases are being detected earlier and better systemic options have extended the survival in many patients, the need to maintain functional independence and brain disease control is increasingly important. In the management of brain metastases, there is still an unmet need for patients with good prognoses but are unable to receive SRS to have better intracranial disease control over the new standard of HA-WBRT. It is thus important to assess if the addition of a SIB will improve the outcomes of HA-WBRT.
To our knowledge, there is no prospective trial underway comparing HA-SIB-WBRT against HA-WBRT. We thus aim to test if there is a clinical benefit for the additional SIB in HA-WBRT. In preparation for this trial, we performed a planning study to test the feasibility of dosimetric targets set for HA-SIB-WBRT in 5 patients with different tumour numbers, volumes and locations as well as experimented with various treatment planning techniques [
We hypothesise that HA-SIB-WBRT will be able to increase both target tumour and intracranial disease control compared with HA-WBRT alone. This, therefore, has the potential to impact on survival outcomes whilst maintaining cognitive function and quality of life.
The purpose of the study is to assess the impact that adding SIB to standard of care treatment (HA-WBRT) has on local control, survival outcomes, cognition and other patient reported outcome measures (PROMs).
This study will be conducted as a single centre prospective randomised phase II trial in patients with multiple brain metastases and good prognosis (> 6 months). The patients will be compared between the 2 arms: HA-WBRT (control) vs. HA-SIB-WBRT (experimental). The target recruitment is 100 patients over 2 years.
The trial will be conducted at the National Cancer Centre Singapore, which is the largest cancer centre in the country. The study workflow is depicted in Fig. 
Project Schema
Participants will be recruited if they meet the criteria set out in Table 
Eligibility Criteria
• 21–80 years old patients
• Radiological confirmed brain metastases (4–25 lesions)
• Histologically proven malignancy
• ECOG performance status ≤2
• Maximum lesion or cavity size ≤5 cm
 o For patients with large (≥3 cm) lesions, a neurosurgical consult is recommended due to the increased risk of cerebral oedema
 o If brain surgery or other invasive procedures are performed, the treatment should begin at least 2-weeks post-procedure
• Life expectancy of at least 6 months
• Negative serum pregnancy test within 14 days prior to registration for women of childbearing potential
• Women of childbearing potential and male participants who are sexually active must agree to use a medically effective means of birth control throughout protocol treatment
• Not suitable for or does not want SRS
• Agrees to be randomised to either HA-WBRT or HA-SIB-WBRT
• Prior whole brain radiotherapy.
o Prior SRS is not an exclusion. Details of treatment must be recorded.
• Diffuse leptomeningeal disease
• Extensive extracranial disease, not controlled by systemic treatment
• Major medical or psychiatric illness, which in the investigator’s opinion would interfere with the completion of therapy and follow up
• Dementia, ongoing psychotic episodes or moderate-severe depression (PHQ-9).
• Recent stroke in the past 3 months
• Symptomatic brain metastases limiting ADLs
• Rapid progression of brain lesion
• Patients unable to give informed consent
• Total tumour planning target volume (PTV) > 60 cc
• Radiological evidence of hydrocephalus
• Contraindication to Gadolinium contrast-enhanced MRI brain
• Patients with diagnoses of small cell carcinoma, lymphoma or primary brain tumour
The control arm in this study is HA-WBRT. This will be given 30Gy in 10 fractions.
The experimental procedure is HA-SIB-WBRT. 40-45Gy in 10 fractions will be used for the SIB boost depending on the location of the lesion. 45Gy was selected as it has a similar biological effective dose (BED 65.2Gy; α/β = 10) to the 21Gy SRS dose. 40Gy (EQD2 60Gy; α/β = 2) was selected for tumours within/ close to organs at risk (OARs) to meet the recommended dose limits of common OARs. Any post-operative cavity will be contoured using consensus guidelines [
Radiotherapy Planning targets, Organs at Risk and Dose Guidance
45Gy
98% covered by 100% dose
Hotspot > 110% within GTV
Lesion visible on at least 2 scan slices.
Coverage to be comprised to meet OAR constraints
45Gy
98% covered by 95% dose
40Gy
95% covered by 95% dose
Hotspot > 110% within GTV
Lesion visible on at least 2 scan slices.
Coverage to be comprised to meet OAR constraints
40Gy
95% covered by 95% dose
D100% (Dose to 100% volume) ≤ 9Gy
Dmax ≤16Gy
Dmax ≤33Gy
D100% ≤ 10Gy
Dmax ≤17Gy
Dmax ≤44Gy
Dmax ≤37.5Gy
Dmax ≤40Gy
Dmax ≤37.5Gy
Dmax ≤40Gy
Left & Right
Cochlear
95% of volume covered by 30Gy
D2% ≤ 37.5Gy
D98% (Dose to 98% of volume) ≥ 25Gy
90% of volume covered by 30Gy
D98% ≥ 22.5Gy
D2% ≤ 40Gy
None
Patients whose plans are unable to meet the recommended constraints will not be eligible for the trial and will be dropped out and undergo WBRT or HA-WBRT as standard of care treatment. Patients can also voluntarily or involuntarily drop-out of the trial at any time after enrolment. These patients will not be replaced. The reason for drop-out must be recorded.
All treatment plans in the experimental arm will be reviewed and approved at the weekly Neuro-radiation oncology team audits prior to the start of treatment. Immobilisation will be performed in all patients. Daily image verification by image-guided radiotherapy is required.
All concomitant treatments should be documented. The use of concurrent cytotoxic systemic treatments is not allowed as this could cause additional or unexpected neuro-toxicities. If the participant is on systemic treatments, a treatment break of at least 7 days for immunotherapy or chemotherapy and 3 days for targeted therapy is recommended before and after radiotherapy. Interruptions should be discussed with the patient’s prescribing medical oncologist.
The use of dexamethasone during radiotherapy is not mandatory but is recommended for use if the patient with symptomatic brain metastases, significant cerebral oedema, large tumours or posterior cranial fossa lesions. The concurrent use of memantine for cognitive protection is recommended but not mandated.


Target lesion control
▪ Response to treated lesions will be rated based on RANO-Criteria [


Intracranial Progression
▪ Target lesion or distal brain lesion
▪ Symptomatic or asymptomatic brain lesion

PFS
OS
▪ Neurological or non-neurological death
▪ Cancer or non-cancer related death
Cognitive Function
▪ HVLT-R (immediate recall, delayed recall, and total recall)
▪ Colour Trail Test (CTT) – a language-free version of the TMT
Quality of Life (QoL)
▪ Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy with Brain Subscale (FACT-BR)
▪ Euro QOL – 5 Dimension – 5 Level (EQ-5D-5L)
Activities of Daily Living (ADL)
▪ Barthel Index of ADLs
Toxicity
▪ Scored using Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) ver5.0 criteria
▪ Presence of radiation necrosis (asymptomatic or symptomatic)
All time points will be taken from the time of randomisation to event. If response assessment of the target lesion(s) is uncertain or equivocal, this should be reassessed by a multi-disciplinary team for clarification. When needed, this may be followed up with advanced imaging or histology.
Cognitive function, ADL and QoL will be assessed using patient-directed questionnaires that have been validated, available in local languages and used in the trials mentioned earlier for ease of comparison. These tests are optional but encouraged for all patients and will be conducted by a trained physician or clinical research associate at specified time points (Table 
Schedule of Enrolment, Interventions, and Assessments Recommended Follow-up Schedule Protocol^
^The follow-up schedule is based on current recommended routine practice. A window period of +/− 2 weeks is allowed for the 1st month follow up visit. +/− 1 month is allowed for the 3rd, 6th and 12th month follow-up visit. It is advised that this be followed for standardisation of records, however individual deviations will be allowed. 
*Only in females with child-bearing potential
Assuming a 6-month target lesion control rate of 50% in the HA-WBRT arm, we will need 60 subjects (30 per arm) to detect a hazard ratio of 0.27 [
Patients recruited will be stratified by the number of brain metastases < 10 vs. ≥10. Within each stratum, patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to control vs. experimental arms. Simple randomization will be performed using a computer-generated random sequence allocation. This will be performed by the research coordinator after informed consent has been taken. The allocation sequence is concealed from the investigators. Patients and treating radiation oncologist will not be blinded to the intervention as it was opined that our patients would want to be aware of the treatment received and that unblinding would not significantly affect our primary objective measure.
Data (soft-copy) will be kept in a password protected database “SingHealth REDCap”. All documented (hard copy) data including consent forms, data collection forms and neurocognitive, functional and ADL assessment forms will be stored in a secured research folder. Research coordinators will help ensure per-protocol follow-up and filling-in of data targets. 3-monthly random checks on the data will be performed by the investigators to ensure integrity and quality.
Efficacy analyses will be performed using the intention-to-treat principle. Per-protocol analyses may be performed as secondary analyses. Safety analyses will include all patients who started treatment and will be performed according to the actual treatment received.
The primary endpoint, time to target lesion progression, will be defined as the time from randomisation to target lesion progression. Patients who pass away before documented target lesion progression will be censored at the last brain imaging assessment. Time to target lesion progression will be compared between the 2 treatment groups using a 2-sided log-rank test.
Time to intracranial progression, time to symptomatic brain progression, progression-free survival and overall survival will be defined as the time from randomisation to intracranial progression, symptomatic brain progression, overall progression and death from any cause respectively. All time-to-event endpoints will be summarized using the Kaplan-Meier method. Treatment arms will be compared using log-rank tests and Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for the stratification variable (number of brain metastases). Other prognostic variables such as histology, ECOG status and disease-specific GPA class may also be included in the Cox models.
Adverse events will be recorded according to CTCAE version 5.0 and summarised by treatment arm.
Cognitive test (HVLT-R and CTT) scores will be standardised based on published norms: (Patient value – Published-norm mean value) ÷ Published-norm standard deviation value. Cognitive deterioration will be defined as a decline of at least 1 SD in score from baseline. FACT-BR scores will be transformed to a 0- to 100- point scale. A 10-point decrease will be considered clinically significant. Deterioration in functional independence will be defined as a decline of at least 10% in the Barthel ADL index from baseline.
The proportions of patients with cognitive deterioration, QoL deterioration and functional independence deterioration will be compared between treatment arms using Fisher’s exact test. A sensitivity analysis will be conducted assuming patients who had not completed the neurocognitive assessment or had passed away prior to the assessment time-point, had cognitive deterioration. Change from baseline values will be compared using 2-sample t-tests and repeated measures linear regression, adjusting for the stratification variable (number of brain metastases).
All analyses will use a 2-sided 0.05 level of significance. There will be no adjustment for multiple comparisons.
There is no planned interim analysis for this study.
There is no independent Data Safety Monitoring Committee for this study. Any ≥Grade 3 serious adverse events must be reviewed by the co-investigators to determine if this toxicity is treatment related. All serious treatment related toxicities must be reported to the institutional review board (IRB). If any ≥Grade 4 toxicities are noted, the study will stop for review of safety before continuation, cessation or amendment of trial.
The principal investigator and co-investigators will be responsible for monitoring patient recruitment, toxicities, observed results and the evaluation of data quality. This will be done every 3 months.
This study will be conducted in accordance with the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki and that are consistent with the Good Clinical Practice and the applicable regulatory requirements.
The Clinical Trial Protocol, including the Participant Information Sheet and Consent Form, has been approved by the SingHealth Centralised Institutional Review Board No. 2019/2407 prior to enrolment of any patient into the study.
Only the study team radiation oncology investigators will be allowed to take inform consent from potential trial participants.
Only the Principal investigator and study coordinators will have access to the research data. At the completion of the study, participant identifiers will be removed from stored data and anonymized. Re-identification of participants will be kept by a 3rd party person not involved in the study project. The participants’ name will not be used in any public report of the study.
The optimal management of patients with multiple brain metastases is multifaceted and depends on several factors including tumour type, volume and number of brain metastases, available brain penetrating drugs, prognosis and performance status. Traditionally, the treatment was limited to WBRT. Fortunately, improvements in technology and pharmacology have expanded the therapeutic options for these patients.
SRS which is often given in preference over WBRT in limited brain metastases (≤3–4 lesions) has shown better learning and memory preservation in several randomised trials [
The NRG-CC001 trial which proved the benefit of HA-WBRT over WBRT had a poor intracranial PFS of 5.0 months [
The first patient was recruited on June 2020. The trial is currently ongoing and recruiting patients. The trial is registered on 
Activities of daily living
Radiation biological effective dose
Computer tomography
Common terminology criteria for adverse events
Colour trail test
Eastern cooperative oncology group performance status
Radiation equivalent dose in 2gy fractions
Euro QOL – 5 dimension – 5 level questionnaire
Functional assessment of cancer therapy with brain subscale
Graded prognostic assessment prognostic index
Gross tumour volume
Gray
Hippocampal avoidance zone.
Hippocampal avoidance whole brain radiotherapy
Hippocampal avoidance with simultaneous integrated boost whole brain radiotherapy
Hopkins verbal learning test-revised
Institutional review board
Magnetic resonance imaging
Organs at risk
Overall survival
Progression free survival
Patient report outcome measures
Planning target volume
Quality of life
Response assessment in neuro-oncology
Response evaluation criteria in solid tumours version 1.1
Simultaneous integrated boost
Stereotactic radiosurgery
Trail making test
Whole brain radiotherapy
Whole brain radiotherapy with simultaneous integrated boost
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Not applicable.
BSHC and JYL contributed equally in the initial conception, design and coordination of this study. All authors provided input and guidance in the revision and development of the study. BSHC, ETC, GK, FYW, KLMC, ALKO and MLKC will be responsible for the recruitment of patients and will perform the radiotherapy planning, treatment and follow-up care of patients in this study. Neurocognitive and psychological testing and training are supported by JYL, SHP and TSL. Statistical support in preparing the study was provided by CL. The manuscript was drafted by BSHC and JYL. All authors have read and approved the final manuscript.
We received funding for this trial from the SingHealth Oncology Academic Clinical Programme Fund (Grant ID: 08/FY2019/P2/13-A67). This organization has not been involved in any part of the design of the study or writing the manuscript.
Not applicable.
The study, Protocol version 1.5 dated 2 March 2020, Participant Information Sheet and Consent Form, have been approved by the SingHealth Centralised Institutional Review Board No. 2019/2407 in accordance with the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki and that are consistent with the Good Clinical Practice and the applicable regulatory requirements. All included patients have to give their written consent before entering the study. Informed consent will be obtained by study investigators.
Not applicable.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
It is widely acknowledged that HPV prophylactic vaccine could prevent new infections and their associated lesions among women who are predominantly HPV-naive at vaccination. Yet there still remains uncertainty about whether HPV vaccination could benefit to individuals who have undergone surgery for cervical disease.
This post-hoc analysis intends to focus on intent-to-treat participants who underwent excision treatment at baseline and the follow-up period in a phase II/III, double-blind, randomized trial (
One hundred sixty-eight (vaccine, 
No significant evidence from this study showed that HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine could lead to viral faster clearance or have any effect on the rates of persistent infection among women who had excision treatment. However, the vaccine may still benefit post-treatment women with “primary prophylactic” effect. Further research is required in clarifying the effect of using the prophylactic HPV vaccine as therapeutic agents.
None
Persistent high-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV) infection is necessary for the progression of cervical cancer [
Women after treatment for CIN remain at a substantially increased risk of subsequent cervical cancer [
However, few studies evaluate whether the observed effects arise from: (1) “therapeutic effect” of the prophylactic vaccination in leading to faster clearance of the residual infection; or (2) “primary prophylactic” effect of the vaccination on the newly developed lesions caused by new HPV infections after treatment; or (3) “secondary prophylactic” effect of the vaccination in reducing the ability of the residual virus to infect new cells. In this study, we explore the role of a bivalent vaccine in preventing secondary lesions and provide more scientific evidence for the impact of the vaccine on the women who are treated for cervical disease.
Women included in the present evaluation were the participants who underwent excision treatment at baseline and the follow-up period in a phase II/III, double-blind, randomized trial conducted in Jiangsu province (Binhai, Jintan, Lianshui and Xuzhou CDCs), China. In this trial, women aged 18–25 years were randomized (1:1) to receive HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine(
In this post-hoc analysis, we intend to explore the impact of HPV vaccination on women after excision treatment by focusing on intent-to-treat participants who received at least one dose of vaccine or placebo. Three level of analysis would be conducted in focusing on HPV infection (Fig. 
Participant disposition. Abbreviations: LEEP: loop electrosurgical excision procedure
Cervical exfoliated cell samples for HPV DNA testing and cytological evaluation were collected at each study visit. Cytological evaluation was performed at the Cancer Institute of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CICAMS). And the results were interpreted according to the Bethesda 2001 classification system [
The automatic analyzer SPF10 PCR-DEIA-LiPA25 version 1 (manufactured by Labo Biomedial Product, Rijswijk, the Netherlands based on licensed Innogenetics technology) detected HPV DNA of cervical, biopsy samples and tissue specimens including 14 high-risk HPV types (16, 18, 31, 33, 35, 39, 45, 51, 52, 56, 58, 59, 66 and 68) and 11 low-risk HPV types (6, 11, 34, 40, 42, 43, 44, 53, 54, 70 and 74).
Comparisons of enrollment characteristic, accumulative clearance rate and persistent infection rate between the two groups were conducted by Pearson χ
168 women (vaccine, 
Enrollment characteristic of women who had undergone cervical surgery after randomization to HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine or placebo. * The total percentages of each HPV type is not necessarily equal to 100% because a result may be counted more than once in cases where the participants contained multiple HPV type. ASCUS: atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance; ASCH: atypical squamous cell, but cannot exclude high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion; AGC: atypical glandular cells; LSIL: low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion; HSIL: high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion; Inadequate: unsatisfactory cytological results; HPV: human papillomavirus; HR-HPV: high-risk human papillomavirus; LR-HPV: low-risk human papillomavirus
Women who underwent cervical treatment surgery were followed for a median of 50.0 months after treatment (vaccine arm: 49.5, IQR: 32.0–64.0; placebo arm: 50.0, IQR: 30.3–63.5), corresponding to a median of 9 study visits (vaccine arm: 9, IQR: 5–12; placebo arm: 8, IQR: 5–11). The median duration between enrollment and treatment was 17 months for those in the vaccine arm (IQR:4.0–30.0 months) and 17 months for women in the placebo arm (IQR:6.0–34.8 months).
In the infection-level analysis, 10 women (vaccine, 
Impact of HPV-16/18 vaccination on recurrence of HPV infections and cervical lesions after excision treatment. HPV: human papillomavirus; HR-HPV: high-risk human papillomavirus; LR-HPV: low-risk human papillomavirus; LSIL+:low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion or worse; HSIL+: high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion or worse; CI: confidence interval; NA: not available
Then, we evaluated whether the viral clearance rates or HPV persistent infection rates differed by vaccination status. Results were shown in Fig. 
Impact of HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine on accumulative clearance rate and persistent infection rate among the women after excision treatment
When LSIL+ was examined as the outcome, nonsignificant but positive vaccine efficacy was estimated at 45.5% (95%CI -15.5, 74.2%) for 14 HR-HPV infection, and 85.1% (95% CI -23.5, 98.2%) for the newly detected outcome after treatment, respectively. Similar patterns were observed for HPV-16/18 infection as well.
15 women (vaccine, 
Impact of HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine on occurrence of low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion or worse (LSIL+)
In the vaccine group, one woman had been detected with vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 (VAIN2), one with VAIN1, and one with CIN1 post-surgery. Of the two women in the placebo group, one developed CIN2 and one had CIN1 after treatment. The women (Case 4: Fig. 
Biopsy type, histopathological diagnosis and HPV DNA result in lesion for women who had undergone surgical therapy for cervical disease. Case 1: the subject was HPV-16, 52 DNA positive, with ASCUS predicted by cytology at gynecological examination at visit 1. Case 2: occurred in a woman who, at baseline (visit1), was HPV-16 DNA positive, with HSIL predicted by cytology. Case 3: the woman was HPV-16, 59 DNA positive, with LSIL predicted by cytology at visit 1.And the subject was high-risk HPV DNA negative at month 18. HPV-39 was detected at month 30. Case 4: the subject was HPV-16, 31, 33 DNA positive, with HSIL predicted by cytology at gynecological examination at month 6. Case 5: the subject was HPV-58 DNA positive, with LSIL predicted by cytology at gynecological examination at month 66. Abbreviations: CIN: cervical intraepithelial neoplasia; VAIN: vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia; LEEP: loop electrosurgical excision procedure
This is the first analysis in China to evaluate the efficacy of HPV 16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccination on the relapse of cervical precancerous lesions or cancers among women who underwent excisional procedures for cervical lesions after vaccination. In this study, vaccination failed to lead to viral faster clearance or have any effect on persistent HPV infection. However, the available evidence suggested that the vaccine may still benefit women after excisional treatment for cervical disease by “primary prophylactic” effect, which protects women from new infection after treatment.
Former studies have indicated that the prophylactic HPV vaccines have the possibility in benefiting post-treatment women. The post-hoc analysis of the PApilloma TRIal against Cancer In young Adults (PATRICIA) showed that efficacy of the HPV 16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine post-surgery (60 days or more) for the original lesion was 88.2% against CIN2+ and 42.6% against CIN1+ [
The women who were treated due to HPV-related disease were at high risk for developing subsequent HPV related disease. The persistent or recurrent rate of CIN2+ after excisional treatment was reported as 4% ~ 18% [
The major advantage of our study is that we have detailed information about the margin status of excisional material for each woman treated for the first cervical lesion who subsequently developed lesions after surgery. This made it possible to confirm whether subsequent cervical lesions were associated with HPV genotype infection found in the original lesion. However, there are some limitations in our analysis. The subgroup of women who underwent excision treatment was not a randomized group, so we had limited power to evaluate post-treatment vaccine efficacy. Furthermore, because no any sexual behavior data was collected, we were not able to evaluate the sexual behavior difference between two groups or estimate the effect of vaccination by adjusting the factor. However, a good balance regarding HPV status at enrollment had been achieved between the two arms, which indicated that there may be no significant difference in sexual behavior between the two groups. And we used cytological results as an outcome in the analysis due to not all women after treatment underwent colposcopy, which may have potential bias. Based on previous study [
Significant vaccine efficacy against new infections after treatment for 14 HR-HPV infection was observed. The nonsignificant effect against new infections associated with HPV-16/18 and cervical lesions (LSIL+ and CIN2+) maybe caused by the limited power with smaller number of women. However, the vaccine may still benefit post-treatment women with the “primary prophylactic” effect. Further research is required in clarifying the effect of using the prophylactic HPV vaccine as therapeutic agents.
Human Papillomavirus
High Risk Human Papillomavirus
Low Risk Human Papillomavirus
Loop Electrosurgical Excision Procedure
Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia
Interquartile Range
Cancer Institute of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences
Vaccine Efficacy
Vaginal Intraepithelial Neoplasia
Atypical Squamous Cells of Undetermined Significance
Atypical Squamous Cell, but cannot exclude high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion
Atypical Glandular Cells
Low-grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesion or worse
High-grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesion or worse
Confidence Interval
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
The authors would like to acknowledge all the study participants and the staff members of the different sites for their contribution to the clinical trial. We also thank Remila. Rezhake for editing the manuscript.
FHZ participated in the conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis, funding acquisition, methodology, project administration, resources, writing-review & editing; SZ contributed to the conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis, methodology, writing - original draft. SYH, XQX, XZ, QJP and FC were involved in data curation, formal analysis and writing–review & editing. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
This work was supported by Chinese Academy of Medical Science Initiative for Innovative Medicine (2016-I2M-1-019) and National Key R&D Program of China (2018YFC1315504). The funder of 2016-I2M-1-019 has the role in the protocol development. And both funders do not have a role in collection, analysis, interpretation of data, or writing the manuscript. The authors had responsibility for the submission of this manuscript for publication.
Anonymized individual participant data and study documents can be requested for further research from 
The study protocol and informed consent were approved by the ethics committees of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Jiangsu Province and the Cancer Foundation of China. Before the study-specific procedures, written informed consent was obtained from each participant.
Not applicable.
The institutions of FHZ received grants from the GSK group of companies for the conduct of the clinical trial. The GSK group of companies had no role in the analyses, or interpretation of data, in the writing of the manuscript, or in the decision to publish the results. The other authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Interprofessional education in childhood cancer is a multifaceted field involving multiple healthcare professionals with general and specialised knowledge and skills. Complex treatment, care and rehabilitation require continuous professional development and maintenance of healthcare professionals’ competencies in their field of expertise. However, limited knowledge exists in comparing interprofessional and monoprofessional education. Only a few randomised studies have evaluated the effectiveness and efficiency of interprofessional education.
The objective of this single-centre, investigator-initiated cluster randomised trial is to study the effect of interprofessional versus monoprofessional case-based learning on healthcare professionals’ knowledge of gastrointestinal side effects and attitudes towards team collaboration.
This study will randomise healthcare professionals to participate in either the experimental interprofessional group or the control monoprofessional group of case-based learning. The topic of the case-based intervention will be gastrointestinal side effects, one of six categories identified in a three-round Scandinavian Delphi study as relevant for interprofessional education in childhood cancer.
The primary outcome is the self-reported questionnaire Assessment of Interprofessional Team Collaboration Scale. Secondary outcomes are measured by the self-reported questionnaires Readiness for Interprofessional Learning Scale Questionnaire, Safety Attitudes Questionnaire, and knowledge will be evaluated using a multiple-choice quiz.
Participants will receive the self-reported questionnaires about 2 weeks before and 1 month after the intervention. On the day of the intervention, participants will answer a multiple-choice quiz before and after the case-based learning.
Linear mixed models will be used to compare differences between the two groups in mean scores postintervention, adjusting for preintervention scores.
This study will provide insight into the differences between interprofessional and monoprofessional case-based learning and how it affects healthcare professionals’ knowledge of gastrointestinal side effects and attitudes towards team collaboration.
The intervention was registered at Clinical 
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s12913-020-05980-2.
Interprofessional education in childhood cancer is a multifaceted field involving multiple healthcare professionals with general and specific knowledge and skills. Complex treatment, care and rehabilitation require continuous professional development and maintenance of healthcare professionals’ competencies in their field of expertise to provide children and adolescents with cancer and their families the best possible treatment and care [
There has been a shift in the treatment paradigm in childhood cancer from cure towards normality and interprofessional collaboration in childhood cancer research has contributed to this [
To continuously ensure and strengthen high-quality treatment and care, interprofessional education must be strategically planned based on a curriculum involving all relevant healthcare professionals and specific learning outcomes [
In a scoping review, we described a lack of well-structured and evaluated interprofessional education programmes [
In a three-round Scandinavian Delphi study to establish consensus on learning objectives for an interprofessional education programme in childhood cancer [
The learning objectives in the second category: gastrointestinal side effects will inform the case and the multiple-choice quiz that will be applied in this trial (see 
This trial will focus solely on the second category as gastrointestinal side effects are frequent and potentially severe clinical problems in childhood cancer that involve multiple healthcare professionals.
The objective of this trial is to study the effect of interprofessional versus monoprofessional case-based learning (CBL) on healthcare professionals’ knowledge of gastrointestinal side effects and attitudes towards team collaboration.
The hypothesis is that interprofessional case-based learning (ICBL) will improve healthcare professionals’ knowledge of gastrointestinal side effects and attitudes towards team collaboration.
In this randomised controlled trial, the experimental group are interprofessional groups receiving CBL on children and adolescents with cancer and gastrointestinal side effects. The control groups are monoprofessional groups of either nurses or doctors. See Fig. 
Flowchart of the progress of the phases in the randomised controlled trial
This randomised controlled trial will take place at Rigshospitalet, University of Copenhagen and include eligible healthcare professionals from four departments: inpatient department for children and adolescents with cancer; inpatient department for transplantation of children and adolescents with cancer; and two outpatient departments for children and adolescents with cancer (Fig. 
Occupational background of the participants
Staff managers and staff involved in organising the study will be excluded from the intervention.
Participants will be informed by the principal investigator that they can withdraw their consent and discontinue their participation at any time. If any data has already been obtained, participants will be asked to give permission to include their data.
All eligible healthcare professionals will be informed individually or in groups about the trial (for information material, please contact the corresponding author). Participants will be encouraged by the head of departments to participate in the programme.
The intervention design is based on the CBL literature [
Example of learning objectives for the CBL session
At the core of the case method will be a real patient situation based on anonymised data containing no identifiable traits. The case will be open to interpretation as it is imperative to give as many possible alternative interpretations to what caused the problem and potential solutions (see Table 
Exempt from case
A board or flip-overs will lead and synchronise the work of the group in a structured manner (see Table 
Board illustration
Important facts:
This we know
Problems:
This we are not satisfied with
The intervention consists of three and a half hours of CBL. Table 
Tentative programme for intervention and control session with quiz and evaluation
The research team designing the case represents the two largest professional groups in childhood cancer: doctors and nurses. The facilitators will be supervised and supported by the researchers (MKT, JLS) on how to build an atmosphere conducive to facilitating CBL in an interprofessional setting [
The participants in the experimental group will be randomised into six interprofessional teams. The computer-generated allocation sequence will be designed to ensure an adequate composition of health professionals resembling authentic clinical teams of 10–18 people. For example, four nurses, two doctors, one physiotherapist, one priest, one teacher, one social worker and one pharmacist.
The participants in the control group will be randomised into four monoprofessional groups comprised exclusively of nurses and three groups exclusively of doctors (See Fig. 
Two weeks to one month before the CBL session, the participants will receive an email with a link to the three questionnaires (AITCS, RIPLS and SAQ) generated in the secure web application REDCap [
Timepoints of measurements
An MCQ will test the participants’ knowledge before and after the CBL (see an example of MCQ item in Table 
Example from MCQ and example from course evaluation
The case and the multiple-choice quiz will be pilot tested on a group of healthcare professionals that resemble the interprofessional group. The facilitators of the CBL will be two doctors and two nurses who work with education, supervision and introduction of experienced new staff from the paediatric oncology department. The multiple-choice quiz will be face- and content validated [
The participants will be asked whether they participated in any other childhood cancer CBL interventions between enrolment in the trial and answering the final questionnaires.
For exploratory analysis, the CBL sessions will be audio-recorded, and field notes will be taken focusing on the perceived dynamics and interactions in the room [
For primary and secondary outcomes, we will use self-reported questionnaires, using a five-point Likert Scale. All scales are professionally translated and validated for a Danish context [
Assessment of Interprofessional Team Collaboration Scale (AITCS) is a self-reported assessment of team collaboration for healthcare professionals [
Readiness for Interprofessional Learning Scale (RIPLS) is a self-reported assessment of readiness of interprofessional learning [
Also, a secondary outcome, Safety and Attitude Questionnaire (SAQ) is a self-reported assessment of attitude towards patient safety with 60 items to be rated on a 5-point Likert scale, 5 = Agree strongly, 4 = Agree slightly, 3 = Neutral, 2 = Disagree slightly, 1 = Disagree strongly). Items two and 11 are negatively worded [
The final secondary outcome is difference in knowledge evaluated using MCQ; evaluation of participants’ attitudes about the CBL sessions; qualitative content analysis on interactions between healthcare professionals during the CBL sessions.
This study is ongoing with recruitment starting in September 2019; intervention begins on February 25th to April 1st, 2020. Data collection ends approximately August 2020.
Figure 
Collection of outcomes
Pre AITCS
Pre RIPLS
Pre SAQ
MCQ on gastrointestinal side effects
Course evaluation
Post AITCS
Post RIPLS
Post SAQ
None
Data on the effectiveness of interprofessional education for making the sample size calculation are sparse [
We assume that the primary outcome will be normally distributed with a standard deviation of 20 points [
Observations on participants on the same team will be correlated [
Design effect =1 + (cluster size – 1) x ICC → design effect =1.6. Accordingly, the sample size will be 45 × 1.6 = 72 participants in each arm. With at least 80 participants in each group, there is room for up to 10% missingness.
Blinded randomisation to ICBL (experimental group) and monoprofessional CBL (control group) will be performed centrally by a computer algorithm. To ensure representation of the smaller professional groups in the experimental groups, they will be randomised separately, before randomising the nurses and doctors. MKTOP and JN will generate the allocation sequence that allocates participants to the sessions by the computer algorithm. MKTOP will subsequently contact and enrols participants, and assign them to the session they were randomly selected to participate in. The healthcare professionals, the educators providing the educational intervention, and the researchers analysing the recordings will not be blinded to the intervention. The allocated intervention group will be blinded for the data managers and statisticians.
We only expect a small number of missing observations (due to illness, rescheduling, absences) and will assume that these will be missing at random, [
For all outcomes, the group means in the experimental and the control group postintervention will be compared, adjusting for the preintervention scores using a linear mixed model that includes the postintervention as outcomes, assuming the group means at baseline to be equal due to randomisation (a constrained linear mixed model [
Each participant will be registered with an individual trial number known only to the PhD student designing the trial. The study is blinded to all other investigators and management. Participant attendance in the CBL session and completion of their questionnaires will be kept track of. Data on demography and results from questionnaires will be stored in REDCap. The MCQ hardcopies will be archived under the same unique trial number and stored in a locked cabinet at Rigshospitalet.
The trial will be monitored internally only.
Participants will be exclusively healthcare professionals or professionals trained to work with children and adolescents with cancer. No patients will be involved in the trial.
There is no anticipation of harm or risk; however, some potential stress, such as fear of exposing one’s own lack of knowledge to colleagues may occur. The departments involved in the trial have a well-established system to provide psychological help to staff involved in emergencies, and this system can be activated if trial participants unexpectedly require psychological support.
The trial will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation. Relevant approval by the Danish Data Protection Agency has been obtained. The trial is exempt from approval by the National Committee on Health Ethics Research (
Participants will be assured that their personal data, data on questionnaires and audio recordings will remain anonymous during analysis and reporting. The participants will be asked to respect the confidentiality of their observations about colleagues’ participation in the CBL session.
The study will adhere to the International Committee of Medical Journal Editor’s guidelines on authorship.
This randomised trial is part of Martha Krogh Topperzer’s PhD project entitled: “Interprofessional education in childhood cancer”. In addition to a publication resulting from this trial, other publications [
None
“Interprofessional versus monoprofessional case-based learning in childhood cancer and the effect on healthcare professionals’ interprofessional attitudes and knowledge: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial”.
“Interprofessional case-based learning improves healthcare professionals’ interprofessional attitudes in childhood cancer: a randomised controlled trial”.
“Intra-professional interactions: findings from interprofessional case-based learning in childhood cancer”.
All results from the trial (negative, positive and inconclusive) will be published in a scientific journal or, alternatively, in a report and online.
Juliane Marie Centre for children, women and reproduction, Rigshospitalet, University of Copenhagen, Denmark is responsible for the intervention.
To our knowledge, this is the first randomised trial investigating the effect of interprofessional versus monoprofessional CBL on healthcare professionals’ interprofessional attitudes.
This study will provide insight into the differences between interprofessional and monoprofessional CBL and how it affects the healthcare professionals’ interprofessional collaboration and attitudes. Moreover, this study will contribute data on teaching methods for interprofessional teamwork skills, as the evidence in this area is sparse [
A potential limitation of this trial is that it is a single-centre trial that includes only a moderate number of participants. There is a risk of contamination among participants as some of the healthcare professionals work together and can influence each other across randomised groups. At the CBL session, participants will be told not to speak about the intervention with their colleagues as doing so may interfere with the trial results.
Another limitation is that there are no clinical outcomes such as decreased scores of gastrointestinal side effects because the primary outcome is a test of healthcare professionals’ attitudes. Provision of knowledge does not necessarily result in practice change [
Interventions directed at the behaviour of healthcare professionals are categorised as complex because they consist of various interconnecting components [


None
Assessment of Interprofessional Team Collaboration Scale
Case-based learning
Intraclass correlation coefficient
Interprofessional case-based learning
Multiple-choice quiz
Readiness for Interprofessional Learning Survey
Safety Attitude Questionnaire
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
We wish to thank the head of clinical services, Karen Vitting Andersen; head of department Lisa Hjalgrim; and head nurses Marianne Madsen and Pernille Roland for making this intervention possible. We would also like to thank managers Maria Bennedsen, Karen Berget, Lone Stisen and Lone Sparrevohn Mørck for prioritising the participation of their health professional employees in this intervention. Thank you to Mads Skipper for discussing the objective of this intervention.
MKTOP and JLS created the idea for the trial. MKTOP, MHH, HBL and JLS designed and planned the trial and intervention. MKTOP, MHH, HBL, BL, KS and JLS made contributions to the design, practical issues and logistics of the trial. MKTOP, JN, SR and JLS contributed to the sample size estimation and detailed designing and execution of the randomisation process. LIR, PP and LAJ contributed with critical feedback on writing the case and MCQ. MKTOP wrote the draft manuscript. All authors (MKTOP, MHH, HBL, SR, JN, LIR, PP, LAJ, BL, KS and JLS) provided critical review of this protocol and approved the final manuscript.
This work is part of Childhood Oncology Network Targeting Research, Organisation & Life expectancy (CONTROL) and supported by the Danish Childhood Cancer Foundation (2015–73).
The Danish Childhood Cancer Foundation has no role in the design of the study, nor in the collection, analysis, or interpretation of data collected. Ultimately the foundation has no role in writing the manuscript. The study protocol has not undergone peer-review by the funding body.
All data generated and analysed during this study will be available in subsequently published articles. This study has not been submitted to or published at any other journal.
This trial is fully approved by the Data Protection Agency: P-2019-637. The trial is exempt from approval by the National Committee on Health Ethics Research (
The trial is registered at 
Participants will be informed that they consent to participate when answering the REDcap questionnaires. Participants will be informed that they can withdraw their consent and discontinue their participation at any time.
Not applicable.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness and safety of glucocorticoid infusion pulse therapy to improve the clinical outcomes of patients with COVID-19 pneumonia with elevated inflammatory biomarkers.
A parallel-group quadruple-blind (participant, intervention provider, outcome assessor and data manager), randomised controlled trial.
All patients admitted to hospital due to COVID-19 pneumonia will be considered eligible. Potential candidates will be identified and consecutively included in the emergency room or in the COVID-19 admission wards of two hospitals in Spain: Complejo Hospitalario de Navarra (Pamplona) and Hospital Moisès Broggi (Sant Joan Despí, Barcelona).
Inclusion criteria are: 1) age ≥18 years old; 2) diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia confirmed by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) of nasopharyngeal swabs or sputum in accordance with the recommendations of the Spanish Ministry of Health; 3) history of symptoms compatible with COVID-19 ≥7 days; 4) hospital admission; 5) at least one of the following: C-reactive protein (CRP) >60 mg/dL, interleukin-6 (IL-6) >40 pg/mL, and/or ferritin >1000 μg/L; and 6) provision of informed consent.
Exclusion criteria are: 1) allergy or contraindication to any of the drugs under study; 2) oxygen saturation (SpO
Eligible patients will be randomised to receive standard of care plus methylprednisolone (intervention group) or standard of care plus placebo (control group).

Intervention group: standard of care at the discretion of the researcher, including lopinavir/ritonavir (200/50 mg, 2 tablets twice daily, per os, for 7 to 14 days) ± remdesivir (a single intravenous loading dose of 200 mg on day 1 followed by once-daily intravenous maintenance doses of 100 mg from day 2 to 5), or no drug treatment, + methylprednisolone (once-daily intravenous infusion of 120 mg on days 1, 2 and 3).
Control group: standard of care at the discretion of the researcher, including lopinavir/ritonavir (200/50 mg, 2 tablets every 12 hours, per os, for 7 to 14 days) ± remdesivir (a single intravenous loading dose of 200 mg on day 1 followed by once-daily intravenous maintenance doses of 100 mg from day 2 to 5), or no drug treatment, + placebo (once-daily intravenous infusion of 100 mL of 0.9% saline on days 1, 2 and 3).
The primary outcome is the proportion of patients with treatment failure at 14 days after randomisation, defined as: 1) death, 2) need for admission to an intensive care unit (ICU), 3) initiation of mechanical ventilation, 4) SpO
Treatment will be allocated by block randomisation stratified by patient age (< or ≥ 75 years of age). For this purpose, we will use the R randomizeR package using two block sizes (4 and 6) with random permutation. The randomisation sequence will be generated by a unit (the Navarrabiomed Clinical Trials Platform) independent from the researchers who will recruit patients and implement the protocol.
The study will be quadruple-blinded, specifically, with blinding of patients, intervention providers, outcome assessors and data managers. The pharmacy at each participating hospital will prepare indistinguishable bags of methylprednisolone or placebo (0.9% saline) for patients of the experimental and placebo groups, respectively.
The percentage of patients with treatment failure (primary endpoint) is currently unknown. Assuming an absolute difference of 25% in the primary outcome between the two groups (35% in the control group and 10% in the intervention group), we estimate that 60 patients (30 per group) are required to detect this difference with a two-tailed type I error of 0.05 and a type II error of 0.2. Estimating a loss to follow-up of 20%, we should recruit a total sample size of 72 patients (36 per group).
The Spanish Agency of Medicines and Medical Devices (AEMPS) and the Ethics Committee of the University Hospital La Princesa approved version 7.0 of the protocol on 30 April 2020 as a low intervention clinical trial. Subsequently, the protocol has been amended by researchers and re-approved by AEMPS and the same ethics committee on 1 July 2020 (version 8.0) and on 28 August 2020 (version 9.0). Currently, the trial is in the recruitment phase. Recruitment began on 28 May 2020 and is expected to be completed by February 2021.
This study protocol was registered on the eudract.ema.europa.eu on 5 May 2020 (title "Early treatment of COVID-19 pneumonia with glucocorticoids. Randomized controlled clinical trial"; EudraCT Number: 
The full protocol (version 9.0) is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s13063-020-04999-4.


None
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Authors are grateful to Ideas Need Communicating Language Services for help editing the manuscript.
I.L.B. conceived the study, led the proposal and protocol development. J.L.A., F.C.B., I.E.G., J.A.S. and A.M.S. contributed to study design and to development of the proposal. J.L.L. was the lead trial methodologist. I.L.B., J.L.A., F.C.B., I.E.G. and J.A.S. wrote the original protocol draft. R.G.R. and J.S.A. reviewed the original draft and supervised the study. All authors contributed to writing the structured summary. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Not applicable.
This research received funding from Navarrabiomed for the English translation of the protocol. No further funding was obtained to assist with the study design, collection, analysis and interpretation of data and writing of the manuscript.
Not applicable.
This clinical trial will be carried out in accordance with the ethical principles of the most recent revision of the Declaration of Helsinki and current legislation. The original and revised versions of the protocol, information sheet and informed consent form have been approved by the clinical research ethics committee (CREC) of University Hospital La Princesa and the Spanish Agency of Medicines and Medical Devices (AEMPS) (approval of the latest version being granted on 28 August 2020, reference number: 17092020_08400, locator: QFSS36Q6C5). For further information, the following link to the public listing of the ethical approval is available: 
The researchers will be in charge of providing each patient or their legal representative with the patient information sheet and informed consent form. Individuals participating in the trial or their legal representative will be asked to sign and date the informed consent form prior to inclusion in the study, that is, before the performance of any intervention.
Not applicable.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) is an innovative modality based on high precision planning and delivery. Cancer with bone metastases and oligometastases are associated with an intermediate or good prognosis. We assume that prolonged survival rates would be achieved if both the primary tumor and metastases are controlled by local treatment. Our purpose is to demonstrate, via a multicenter randomized phase III trial, that local treatment of metastatic sites with curative intent with SBRT associated of systemic standard of care treatment would improve the progression-free survival in patients with solid tumor (breast, prostate and non-small cell lung cancer) with up to 3 bone-only metastases compared to patients who received systemic standard of care treatment alone.
This is an open-labeled randomized superiority multicenter phase III trial. Patients with up to 3 bone-only metastases will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio.between Arm A (Experimental group): Standard care of treatment & SBRT to all bone metastases, and Arm B (Control group): standard care of treatment.
For patients receiving SBRT, radiotherapy dose and fractionation depends on the site of the bone metastasis and the proximity to critical normal structures. This study aims to accrue a total of 196 patients within 4 years.
The primary endpoint is progression-free survival at 1 year, and secondary endpoints include Bone progression-free survival; Local control; Cancer-specific survival; Overall survival; Toxicity; Quality of life; Pain score analysis, Cost-utility analysis; Cost-effectiveness analysis and Budget impact analysis.
The expected benefit for the patient in the experimental arm is a longer expectancy of life without skeletal recurrence and the discomfort, pain and drastic reduction of mobility and handicap that the lack of local control of bone metastases eventually inflicts.
ClinicalTrials.gov 
Cancer with bone metastases compared to other metastatic sites is considered as associated with a better prognosis, particularly for breast and prostate cancer despite a significant impact on the patient’s quality of life and autonomy. Many randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of first-line palliative conventional radiotherapy for painful bone metastases [
Patients with oligometastatic disease have improved survival compared with those with high- volume metastatic disease. While systemic treatment is the standard of care. Stereotactic radiotherapy is a highly accurate technique initially developed for performing the radiosurgery of lesion in patients for whom it was deemed be to difficult to proceed to classical excision surgery. In the context of patients with oligo-metastatic cancer, high doses of radiation in stereotactic conditions can be safely delivered in bone metastases with increased probability of local control. Local control of bone metastasis is similar to than other localizations with a good control of pain [
In combination with curative-intent treatment to the primary tumor and systemic therapy, we hypothesize that an improved local control in the bone genuine de novo synchronous or metachronous oligometastatic disease would be associated with an increased Progression-Free Survival (PFS) and Overall Survival (OS).
Two ancillaries studies are associated:
- Biological ancillary study which search for pre-SBRT and follow-up markers (serum CTX and bone ALP) associated with skeletal-related events and bone progression disease.
- Economic ancillary study.
This is an open-labeled randomized superiority multicentric phase III studyin French academic hospital. Patients will randomized in a 1:1 ratio between (Fig. 
Arm A (experimental group): Standard care of treatment (systemic treatment suitable for primary cancer) and SBRT to the bone metastases.
Arm B (control group): Standard care of treatment (systemic treatment suitable for primary cancer) alone.
Study Design. Footnotes: SBRT: Stereotactic Body radiation Therapy; CT Scan: Computed tomography Scann; PET: Positron Emission Tomography; SPECT-CT: Single Photon Emission Tomography-Computed Tomography
The sample size allows 2 stratification factors at randomization: date of metastases (synchronous vs metachronous) and primary tumor site (prostate vs breast vs lung). All patients will be randomized after completion of the primary tumor treatment for synchronous or metachronous metastasis. The randomization will be minimized by the following stratification factors. Minimization aims to ensure treatment arms are balanced with respect to predefined patient factors as well as for the number of patients in each group.
To assess the impact of SBRT on Progression Free Survival in patients with solid tumor with up to bone-only metastases, compare to patients who received standard of care treatment alone.
The primary endpoint is the 1-year PFS. Progression Free Survival PFS is defined as the time from randomization until the date of the first objective progression or death (whatever its cause in the absence of progression). Stereo-OS protocol will allow a specific focus on skeletal metastases and is thus expected to bring a clear-cut assessment of the added benefit of stereotactic radiotherapy on PFS.
None
PFS at 2 and 3 years defined as the time from randomization until the date of the first objective progression or death
Bone progression free-survival (BPFS) at 1 year defined as the time from the date of randomization to the date of documented bone progression at the level at the entire skeleton.
Local control (LC) at 1 year defined as the time from the date of randomization to the date of a documented local event at the level of bone oligometastases presents at randomization.
Cancer-specific survival (CSS) at 1, 2 and 3 years defined as the time from the date of randomization to the date of documented death from cancer or complication from the treatment.
Overall survival (OS) at 1, 2 and 3 years defined as the time from the date of randomization to the date of documented death from any cause.
Acute and late Toxicity at 1, 2 and 3 years assessed by the National Cancer Institute Common Toxicity Criteria (NCI CTC) version 4.0.
Quality of Life assessed using self-administered questionnaires (EORTC-QLQ-C30, EORTC-QLQ-BM22, and EQ-5D-3L) [
Pain score evaluated accordingly to Numeric Scale.
The Cost- Utility /Cost-Effectiveness / Budget Impact analysis performed on QALYs (Quality-Adjusted Life Years) and ICERs (Incremental Cost-Effectiveness Ratios) calculation based on EQ-5D-3L questionnaire.
The inclusion criteria are as follow:

Patients older than 18 years
Good general condition: WHO performance status ≤1
Patients with histological proof of breast, non-small cell lung, or prostate cancer
Absence of co-morbidity contra-indicating radio-chemotherapy or surgery
Primary tumor accessible to curative-intent treatment (surgery, chemoradiation…) for patients with synchronous metastases (ie randomization after treatment of primitive cancer)
Patients with between 1 and 3 synchronous or metachronous bone metastases as defined by NaF-PET or conventional SPECT-CT scan and spinal MRI (if necessary) within 6 weeks before randomization
Bones metastases treatable by SBRT
Primary cancer considered to be controlled or accessible to curative-intent treatment (surgery, chemoradiation…) in case of locoregional reccurence for metachronous bone oligo-metastatic disease
Women of childbearing potential and male patients must agree to use adequate contraception for the duration of study participation and up to 3 months following completion of therapy;
Patients who have received the information sheet, dated and signed the informed consent form
Affiliated to the social security system
The non-inclusion criteria are as follow:

Visceral metastases as defined by FDG-PET (or F-Choline-PET for prostate cancer) and cerebral CT or MRI performed
Previous systemic therapy for metastasis for patients with metachronous metastasis. Prostate and breast cancer patients remain eligible if hormonal treatment was initiated 6 months before enrollment.
All bone metastasis requiring surgical treatment (spinal cord compression, fracture, …)
More than 3 bone metastases as defined by NaF-PET or conventional SPECT-CT scan and spinal MRI (if spinal bone metastases on NaF-PET)
Previous cancer within the 5 years before inclusion (except basal cell carcinoma of the skin, in situ carcinoma of the uterine cervix)
Previous radiotherapy on bone metastasis (e.g: antalgic radiotherapy)
Patient enrolled in another therapeutic trial
Pregnant women or breast feeding mothers,
Hypersensitivity to the active substance (FDG and NaF or F-Choline for prostate cancer) or to any of the excipients
Contraindication to MRI (in case of spinal metastases)
Patients deprived of liberty or placed under the authority of a tutor. Patients with any psychological, familial, sociological or geographical condition potentially hampering compliance with the study protocol and follow-up schedule; those conditions should be discussed with the patient before registration in the trial. Patients unable to understand the purpose of the study (language, etc.).
Prior to randomization, a complete history and physical examination is required. Histologically confirmation of malignancy is required, with metastatic disease detected on imaging.
The mechanism of implementing the allocation sequence (stratified randomization) is generated by computer. Clinical research assistant generate the allocation sequence and physician enroll and assign participant to intervention.
Patients must be restaged within 6 weeks before randomization, including brain CT or MRI and CT-TAP. For all patients with a suspicion of spinal bone metastases, a spinal MRI is mandatory.
The patients will also benefit from PET-CT exams before treatment. PET1 F-Choline, NaF and FDG are standard examinations for metastases staging; and PET2 FDG or F-Choline for evaluation. If NaF-PET cannot be done, patients will have a “conventional” biphosphonates SPECT-CT with a tomographic exploration from the vertex to mid-thigh in double or triple field instead.
Patients with prostate cancer are also required to have PSA blood test. A negative pregnancy is required for women of child-bearing age (Table 
Timeline and follow up of the study
None
The present research project will be developed for 48 months, during which specific milestones will be achieved and documented (Table 
In case of SBRT, the acceptable regimens are 35 Gy / 7 fractions / 3 fractions per week or 27 Gy / 3 fractions / 3 fractions per week. An interval of at least 24 h should be kept between two consecutive fractions. Treatment planning and delivery will be performed using dedicated system. Strict quality assurance protocols will be implemented to ensure the accuracy in dose delivery.
All patients in Arm A will undergo planning CT simulation. CT simulation must be performed in the treatment position with adequate immobilization devices and the fiducials must be placed for stereotactic targeting if necessary. The use of intravenous contrast is recommended. Axial reconstructions will be required with slice thickness of around 1 mm. MRI, and PET if needed will be merged with CT simulation at the target volume on the simulation CT.
The Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) corresponds to the tumor volume visible on the simulation CT taking into account the information provided by the clinical examination and the other imaging modalities. (MRI is mandatory for spinal metastasis and experimental arm).
The Clinical Target Volume (CTV) corresponds to the macroscopic spread. Its limits are defined by Cox et al. for spine metastases or by CTV = GTV + 5 mm for the other bones [
The PTV is obtained by adding a margin around the CTV to take into account the set-up uncertainty during radiotherapy delivery with PTV = CTV + 2 mm. This margin can be reduced to 0 mm close to the spinal cord. Depending on the SBRT equipment, the beam aperture can be set to 2–3 mm beyond the CTV to provide adequate dose coverage. This margin can be reduced to 0–1 mm close to the spinal cord.
Prescription must be defined on 80% isodose or higher. At least 90% of the PTV should receive the prescribed dose. A coverage of < 90% of the PTV will be considered as Acceptable Deviation, and coverage of < 80% of the target volume as an unacceptable deviation. At least 90% of the GTV should receive the prescribed dose. A coverage of < 90% of the GTV will be considered as Acceptable Deviation, and coverage of < 80% of the target volume as an unacceptable deviation.
The organs at risk (OAR) of complication include all normal tissues located in the vicinity of the target or in the beams path. Specific dose-volumes constraints, defined by Timmermann, have to be respected to avoid unacceptable toxicity [
OAR Constraints
None
For the others OAR not listed in Table 
In the Control group (without SBRT), palliative radiotherapy on bone metastases is allowed if necessary (pain, fracture, spinal cord compression …).
The acceptable regimens for patients in Arm1 are as follows as per consensus guidelines [
30 Gy / 10 fractions / 5 fractions per week
24 Gy / 6 fractions / 5 fractions per week
20 Gy / 5 fractions / 5 fractions per week
8 Gy / 1 fraction
The organs at risk are not delineated in the control group except for the spinal cord (Table 
This Study has been approved by Nord-Ouest I Ethics Committee and French Regulatory authorities (ANSM). French ethics committee (CPP Nord-Ouest I) has approved this protocol on October 13th 2016 (reference number: CPP 02/016/2016). The study will be performed in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and will comply to the International Conference on Harmonization and Good Clinical Practice and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This study funded by grants from French Cancer Institute (Institut National du Cancer, 52, avenue André Morizet, F-92513 Boulogne Billancourt Cedex) though PHRC program (grant number: PHRC-K 2015–149) that has no role in the collection, analysis, interpretation of results or writing of manuscripts. The study has been registered at 
Patient information and informed consent from the patient must be handled in accordance with the French regulation. Prior to the participation of a patient in the trial, this patient will be informed both verbally and in writing about the objectives of the trial, its methods, anticipated benefits and potential risks and the discomfort to which they may be exposed. The informed consent form for study and ancillaries studies, must be personally dated and signed by the patient and investigator.
In order to ensure patient safety and effective treatment delivery, a quality assurance protocol is implemented. Prior to opening the study, each participant centre will have to validate a dummy run by delineate targets and OARs and produce a treatment plan from a benchmark case on Aquilab software. The Quality Assurance committee will evaluate the dummy run. Patient inclusions by a centre will be allowed only after full validation. Afterwards, each participating centre will have to send planning and contouring information for the first included patient for review before the start of the radiotherapy. The QA committee according to the protocol recommendations in terms of delineation, dose constraints and treatment workflow will evaluate this treatment plan. At the end of treatment, each participating centre will have to send final review of the RT data for all included patients in SBRT arm for review. The QA committee, according to the protocol recommendations in terms of delineation, dose constraints and treatment workflow will evaluate the treatment plan for Quality Assurance.
The patients will receive systemic standard of care for the metastases according to current oncological national recommendations and international guidelines.
Patients will be seen at 3 months, 6 months post randomization and then every year for 3 years.
(Table 
Progression-free survival will be measured as time to either progression or death, whichever occurs first. Efficacy Evaluation will be performed at baseline, at 6 months, at 1 year, then subsequently every year until the end of study, using the same imaging method as for baseline (CT scan or MRI or PET if indicated).
Lesion response will be evaluated in this study using the RECIST criteria, PERCIST Criteria and MD Anderson Criteria [
Sample size calculation: 196 patients will be randomized between 2 arms (in a 1:1 ratio). The primary endpoint is the 1-year Progression Free Survival (PFS). In the standard arm, the expected progression-free survival at 1 year is 30% (10% for lung cancer, 50% for breast cancer and 30% for prostatic cancers). In the experimental arm, we anticipate a 20% absolute increase (i.e. 30, 70 and 50%, respectively). According to Freedman’s method, accepting a two-tailed type I error of 5% and an 80% power (type II error of 20%), 178 patients (2 X 89) need to be recruited and 106 events need to be observed for the primary analysis. Assuming a 10% withdrawal rate, a total of 196 patients will need to be included.
Data analysis: All patients will be randomized after completion of the primary tumor treatment for synchronous or metachronous metastasis. The randomization will be stratified by date of metastasis (synchronous vs. metachronous) and primary tumor site (breast vs. non-small cell lung vs. prostate cancer). Statistical analysis will be performed on all the randomized patients, accordingly to the intent to treat (ITT) arm, whatever the actually received treatment. Patients without progression and alive at the time of analysis will be censored at the time of the latest assessment.
Primary Endpoint Analysis: Progression Free Survival PFS is defined as the time from randomization until the date of the first objective progression accordingly to RECIST or death (whatever its cause in the absence of progression). Patients without progression and alive at the time of analysis will be censored at the time of the latest assessment. The primary analysis will take place when 106 events have been observed. This analysis will use the logrank test, stratified on the primary location and the time of onset of the bone metastases (synchronous vs metachronous). Cox regression model will also be used to perform a sensitivity analysis taking into account the usual prognostic factors. The hazard ratio will be given with its 95% confidence interval. A 
An Data Safety Monitoring Committee (DSMC), with expertise and experience in the pathology, and without direct involvement in the conduct of the trial, will be set up specifically to guarantee effective protection of patients, insure the ethical conduct of the trial, benefit/risk ratio of the trial, and to ensure the independent review of the scientific results during the trial and at the end of the trial. The DSMC will meet after 60 patients are accrued in the experimental arm to review toxicity outcomes and compliance.
The DSMC may recommend the early termination of the trial if one of the following conditions is met: an unacceptable toxicity or all available data from the trial or any other source of information are sufficiently convincing to influence the therapeutical practices of the majority of clinicians. The DSMC has only a consultative role; it will inform the sponsor who will decide whether the DSMC recommendation will be followed. An adverse event (AE) is defined as any untoward medical occurrence, in a patient or clinical trial subject treated by a medicinal product and which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with this treatment. The assessment of whether there is a reasonable causal relationship is made by the investigator. Notification must be carried out immediately by fax to the R&D UNICANCER pharmacovigilance unit by sending the form “notification of a Serious Adverse Effects”, located in the Investigator Master File, completed as precisely as possible, dated and signed by the physician-investigator.
The follow-up of bone metastasis evaluation is difficult by means of anatomic imaging (CT-scan). There is a need to identify biologic markers that would predict bone disease progression (DP) and risk of skeletal-related events (SREs) as sequelae of bone metastases. As this ancillary study, we have chosen to explore s-CTX and bone alkaline phosphatase (b-ALP) to better quantify response to SBRT vs standard treatment [
Cost-utility, cost-effectiveness, and budget impact analyses performed on QALYs (Quality-Adjusted Life Years) and ICERs (Incremental Cost-Effectiveness Ratios) calculation based on EQ-5D-3L questionnaire will provide useful and complementary information in order (i) to recommend the best strategy to adopt; (ii) to estimate the budget impact on the French National Health Insurance of the generalization of the cost-effective strategy [
Stereotactic radiotherapy is a routine treatment for brain, hepatic and lung metastases with increased probability of local control. However, Loco Regional Control is similar to bone metastasis than other localizations with 95% and a good control of pain and patients with oligometastasis had a longer survival with better local control for spine metastasis [
The tools required for high precision radiotherapy are now commercially available and implemented in many radiotherapy departments. Sufficient clinical experience has been acquired so that large randomized trials can confidently be launched. Current knowledge is mainly based on retrospective and prospectives non-randomized studies, thus suffering from heterogeneous population and inappropriate sample power. The oligometastatic concept has been developed in the last years and recent trials show interesting results on adding Metastase Directed Treatment (MDT) (such as radiotherapy or surgery) at standard therapy. However, despite encouraging data, some authors remain skeptical that MDT will delay the use of systemic treament.
In a randomized phase II trial, named SABR-COMET, a benefit in OS in the SBRT arm for the oligometastatic setting compared to palliative treatment was demonstrated (41 months vs 28 months) [
Two other randomized trials, SARON and CORE investigate the same approach in different clinical settings with oligometastatic patients [
In a recent review of Faiez Al-Shafa et al., on Ongoing Trials of Stereotactic Ablative Radiotherapy for Oligometastatic Cancers, A minority of trials were randomized in design (
The safety and efficacy of SABR as oligometastasis-directed treatment is increasingly being evaluated within prospective clinical trials. These data are awaited to compliment the abundance of existing observational studies and to guide clinical decision-making.
Stereotactic ablative radiotherapy
Whole brain radiotherapy
Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events
Computed tomography
Positron emission tomography
Magnetic resonance imaging
Gross tumor volume
Clinical target volume
Planning target volume
Planning organ at risk volume
Principal investigator
Quality assurance
Response evaluation criteria in solid tumors
Positron Emission Tomography (PET) Response Criteria in Solid Tumors
Progression Free Survival
Overall survival
Data Safety Monitoring Committee
Intent to treat
Quality-Adjusted Life Years
Incremental Cost-Effectiveness Ratios
Quality of Life Questionnaire
Gray
Fluorodeoxyglucose
Sodium Fluoride
European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer
European Society for Medical Oncology
Insitut du Cancer
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
We thanks SFRO (French Society of Radiation Oncology), SFMN (French Society of Nuclear medicine), UNITRAD (Unicancer group of Translational research and development in RADiation oncology) and GEMO (European Society of Bone Metastases) for their support and all centers which are participating in this ongoing study.
Céline BOURGIER (Institut Régional du Cancer Montpellier Val d’ Aurelle); Louis GRAS (Centre Leonard De Vinci-DECHY); Stéphane SUPIOT (Institut de Cancerologie de l’Ouest: Rene Gauducheau - SAINT HERBLAIN et Paul Papin - ANGERS); Alain TOLEDANO (Clinique Hartmann - LEVALLOIS PERRE); Renaud DE CREVOISIER (Centre Eugene Marquis - RENNES); Béatrice LAFFORGUE (Centre de Cancérologie du Grand Montpellier - Clinique Clémentville); David PASQUIER (Centre Oscar Lambret - LILLE); Yazid BELKACEMI (Hopital Henri Mondor - CRETEIL); Etienne MARTIN (Centre Georges François Leclerc - DIJON); Nicolas MAGNE (Institut de Cancérologie Lucien Neuwirth - SAINT PRIEST EN JAREZ); Marie-Pierre SUNYACH (Centre Léon Bérard - LYON); Benjamin SCHIPMAN (Institut de Cancérologie de Bourgogne - DIJON); Pierre-Etienne CAILLEUX (Pôle Sante Leonard De Vinci - CHAMBRAY LES TOURS); Vincent VINH-HUNG (CHU de Martinique - Hôpital Clarac-FORT DE FRANCE); Stéphanie SERVAGI-VERNAT (Institut Jean Godinot - REIMS); Laurence GONZAGUE CASABIANCA (Institut Paoli Calmettes - MARSEILLE); Claire IRIART (Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Grenoble Alpes - GRENOBLE); Adeline PETIT (Institut Bergonié - BORDEAUX); Philippe FOURNERET (Hôpital Métropole Savoie-CHAMBERY); Antoine ARNAUD (Institut Sainte Catherine - AVIGNON); Igor LATORZEFF (Clinique Pasteur - TOULOUSE); Emilie BONNET (Centre Marie Curie - VALENCE); Sabine VIEILLOT (Centre Catalan d’ Oncologie - PERPIGNAN); Gilles REGNAULT DE LA MOTHE (Clinique Tivoli Ducos - BORDEAUX); Anne LARROUY (Institut de cancérologie Paris Nord - SARCELLES); Simon DANDOY (Centre Joliot Curie - SAINT MARTIN LES BOULOGNES); Thomas LEROY (Nouvelle clinique des Dentellières - VALENCIENNES).
All of the authors have read and approved the final manuscript and protocol. The authors contributed as follows to the research project: Sébastien Thureau, Jean-Christophe Faivre, Naïma Bonnet (project manager), Marie-Hélène Vieillard (biological ancillary study), Lionnel Perrier (economic ancillary study), Vincent Marchesi and Albert Lisbona (medical physics) designed the study and wrote the manuscript. Bernard Asselain, Julia Salleron performed the statistical analysis and wrote the manuscript. Marianne Leheurteur, Jean Tredaniel, Stéphane Culine, Bernard Dubray provided menthorship and reviewed the manuscript. For the main publication, the first author and writer of the publication will be the study coordinators and the statistician will be the third author. The study coordinators may however designate another person to co- write the publication.
This study funded by grants from French Cancer Institute (INCa) though PHRC program (grant number: PHRC-K 2015–149) that has no role in the collection, analysis, interpretation of results or writing of manuscripts.
Data sharing is not applicable to this article as no datasets were yet generated or analyzed during this ongoing study.
French ethics committee (CPP Nord-Ouest I) has approved this protocol on October 13th 2016 (reference number: CPP 02/016/2016).
Patient information and informed consent from the patient must be handled in accordance with the French regulation. Prior to the participation of a patient in the trial, this patient will be informed both verbally and in writing about the objectives of the trial, its methods, anticipated benefits and potential risks and the discomfort to which they may be exposed. The informed consent form for study and ancillaries studies, must be personally dated and signed by the patient and investigator.
The manuscript has undergone peer review by the funding body.
Not applicable.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Transcutaneous electrical acupoint stimulation (TEAS) is an innovative choice for postoperative pain management. However, the safety and effectiveness of this traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) therapy for patients who underwent gastrectomy is largely unknown. So, the purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of TEAS for patients who underwent gastrectomy.
We recruited 96 patients with gastric cancer from May 2019 to November 2019; 82 patients were enrolled, and 81 patients completed. Patients were randomly assigned to TEAS group (TG) received TEAS on postoperative day (POD) 1–3 or control group (CG) at a 1:1 ratio. The primary outcomes were pain score and consumption of analgesics. The secondary were the time of first postoperative flatus and defecation, frequency of postoperative nausea, vomiting, distention, diarrhea, comfort of semi-fluid diet, Clavien-Dindo grade (C-D grade) and length of postoperative day. We performed hematological analysis to explore the possible mechanisms.
Overall, 81 patients were enrolled included in the analysis. Compared with CG, pain scores in TG were lower on POD 1–5 (average: 2.55±0.21 vs 3.10±0.42, 
TEAS can relieve postoperative pain and promote the recovery of gastrointestinal function. Consequently, it can be an adjunctive therapy to enhance postoperative recovery for patients after gastrectomy.
In 2018, gastric cancer was the fifth most prevalent cancer and ranked third in cancer-related mortality.
Acupuncture is an ancient empirical medicine in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). Nowadays, it has been demonstrated that acupuncture can be of benefit to pain control.
This was an unblinded randomized controlled trial. The protocol was approved by the ethics committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, and its ethical approval number is QYFYKYLL201812. It was carried out at the Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, between May 1, 2019 and October 31, 2019. A total of 96 patients were recruited. Eighty-two patients who were eligible for inclusion criteria were randomly assigned into TEAS group (TG) receiving 3-consecutive-day TEAS and control group (CG) at a 1:1 ratio. During the perioperative period, the same ERAS protocol (See 
Please contact 
The inclusion, exclusion and withdraw criteria were as follows. Inclusion: 1. Any religion or gender; 2. 18–75 years old; 3. Proposed radical surgery for gastric cancer (laparoscopy/robot); 4. Signed the informed consent. Exclusion: 1. Received neoadjuvant therapy; 2. American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) grade>3; 3. cTNM stage IV (AJCC-American Joint Committee on Cancer, 8th Edition Cancer Staging); 4. Current or previous diabetes; 5. Systemic infection or contagious disease; 6. Chronic constipation or diarrhea; 7. Current or previous cardiovascular/cerebrovascular accident or central nervous system injury; 8. Mental incapacity or severe emotional or mental illness; 9. Cardiac pacemaker; 10. Local infiltration anesthesia for incision; 11. Anesthesia is not epidural anesthesia–assisted general anesthesia; 12. Use of patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) after surgery. Withdraw: 1. Severe accident occurred during the operation such as hemorrhagic shock, cardiogenic shock, ventricular fibrillation; 2. Severe comorbidities after surgery such as pulmonary embolism, severe pneumonia; 3. Patients or family members decide to withdraw. It should be noted that the Clavien-Dindo grade (C-D grade) was used for postoperative comorbidity grade and patients with a grade>2 met the withdrawal criteria.
We selected several acupoints with potential functions of pain relief and promoting gastrointestinal recovery. According to the WHO standard acupuncture point locations (
For patients in TG, they received TEAS therapy at 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on postoperative day (POD) 1–3 lasting 30 minutes each time. After sterilizing the skin surrounding the acupoints with 75% alcohol, we applied the electrode pads on the acupoints.
The device we used was Huatuo Electronic Acupuncture Treatment Instrument 
The primary outcomes of this trial were as follows: (1) Pain score. We used numerical rating scale (NRS, in 10 levels and we have improved the basic unit by dividing the 10 levels into 20 levels, ie, 0.5 as a unit) combined with the Wong-Baker faces pain rating scale. We recorded the pain score at 6-time points (last night till 8:00, 8:00, 12:00, 16:00, 20:00, time before sleep) a day from POD 1 to POD 5. On POD 0, we recorded the pain scores at the awake time postoperatively and other time points at the above. (2) Consumption of analgesics. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) were used for mild to moderate pain, and opioids were used for moderate to severe pain. We used NSAIDs (flurbiprofen axetil) once on POD 1 regularly and then we made prescriptions according to the conditions of patients. And we recorded consumption of NSAIDs by doses and opioids by equivalent doses of morphine (pethidine: pentazocine: dezocine: morphine=100mg: 30–60mg: 10mg: 10mg). It should be noted that all patients enrolled did not use PCA.
The secondary outcomes were as follows: time of first postoperative flatus and defecation, frequency of postoperative nausea, vomiting, distention, diarrhea, fever, comfort of semi-fluid diet (patient subjective score, range 0–10), Clavien-Dindo grade and length of postoperative day. For definition of fever, we set 37.3°C. And we measured the temperature 6 times a day and recorded it once if it appears.
We collected patients’ peripheral venous blood on POD 1, POD 3 and POD 5 for analysis. White blood cell count (WBC), percentage of neutrophils (NEC%), C-reactive protein (CRP) and procalcitonin (PCT) were measured with plasma; β-endorphin (β-End), 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), interleukin-2 (IL-2), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), motilin (MTL) were measured with serum (serum samples were centrifuged at 2000g for 10 min, and the serum was stored at −80°C until analysis) by using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The kit was purchased from Jiangsu Yutong Biological Technology Co., Ltd.
All frequency-type outcomes (such as nausea, vomiting frequency, etc.) were collected by querying patients at 8:00, 12:00, 18:00 daily and it was recorded once there was an appearance. All data were recorded by Yulong Tian and Zequn Li.
The sample size justification of this trial was based on the preliminary data of pain scores which was from a pilot study we previously performed in our center. The results of the pilot study showed that the average pain score of POD 1–5 were 2.80±0.45 and 3.20±0.72 for TG and CG groups, respectively. With an equal randomization and assuming the dropout rate was less than 10%, a sample size of 82 patients (41 in the TG and 41 in the CG) will ensure the power was at least 80% to detect the difference at a significant level of 0.05, using a two-sided 
We randomized patients according to the order of the random number table generated by SPSS 21.0 (SPSS, Inc., Chicago, IL, USA). We determined the random allocation sequence according to the time when patients signed the informed consent for anesthesia, and Yuqi Sun was responsible for allocating the patients according to the random number table.
All statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 21.0 and Graphpad Prism 8.0.2 (GraphPad Software, Inc., La Jolla, CA, USA). The level of significance for all statistical tests was set at 0.05 (
The participant flow diagram is shown in 
Clinicopathological Characteristics of Patients (n=81)
None
None
Surgical Outcomes (n=81)
None
Participant flow diagram.
Among the primary outcomes (
Primary Outcomes (n=81)
None
None
(
Among the secondary outcomes (
Secondary Outcomes (n=81)
None
None
As can be seen from 
Hematological Results (TG=41; CG=40)
None
None
The original data of this study will not be shared publicly. If necessary, please contact 215099754@qq.com to obtain it.
Postoperative pain and gastrointestinal dysfunction are two major stumbling blocks that affect the recovery of patients. In addition, as far as pain is concerned, acute and chronic pain that occur during hospitalization and after discharge have caused huge medical and healthcare pressure in European and American countries.
Pain management plays a particularly important role in the rehabilitation process. ERAS emphasizes the necessity of effective pain relief targeting the trauma-induced stress.
According to the theory of TCM, factors such as trauma and anesthesia can lead to Qi and blood obstructed or insufficient, which may cause kinds of pain or visceral dysfunction. Dialectical treatment is the foundation of TCM, and the principles are treating excess with purgation, treating insufficiency with tonification. The acupoints with more similar characteristic are chosen, the better therapeutic effects will achieve. Theoretically, among the selected acupoints in this trial, they are effective in harmonizing meridians and balancing Yin Yang. Hence TEAS with acupoints above took function of enhancing the recovery of patients.
Based on the available evidence, the mechanisms of TEAS analgesia involves several systems such as endorphin system and adrenergic system, in which endorphin system plays a key role.
Not only inner analgesics, there were changes in nociception-related factors such as trauma-induced inflammation. TNF-α and IL-6 both are important indicators to reflect the extent of stress and inflammation. TNF-α is the earliest inflammatory molecule under stress and it participates in the immunomodulation and anti-infection. IL-6 can integrate and cooperate other inflammatory signals to promote inflammation. After the patients suffering from surgical injury, the body will release a variety of nociceptive medias attributing pain. On the one hand, TNF-α and IL-6 which may overexpress under stress will increase in the injured tissue and central nervous system (CNS), then exacerbate inflammation. On the other hand, these inflammatory molecules also promote the release of phospholipids from tissue, then phospholipids break down into prostaglandins,
So, superficially it may be another explanation that the anti-nociceptive effects of TEAS may through its regulation of inflammation. Based on what we mentioned above, we think that it may come down to the immunomodulation of TEAS. As we all know, it’s extremely common that patients with gastric cancer have immune dysfunction. Stress reactions of varying extent caused by operation, anesthesia and pain will further lead to immunosuppression.
Postoperative gastrointestinal dysfunction may occur because of surgical operation (damage of vagal nerve, changes in physiological structure), CO
There were some limitations in this trial: (1) We did not collect and stratify the social class, personality characteristics which may cause unknown bias. (2) About secretion of transmitters such as endorphins, there is a circadian pattern in the body which may lead to a biological rhythm of pain. So, time deviation may exist in the process of collecting clinical data. (3) In the analysis of consumption of opioids, for pentazocine, the equivalent dose of morphine is 30 to 60 mg. Due to individual differences in pharmacodynamics, we have not found a clear equivalent dose for the Chinese constitution. (4) 2/100Hz mode is more common in other trials, and the reasons why we choose 20/100Hz are as follows. First, the frequency of 15–30Hz is more effective in promoting the release of oxytocin than 2–3Hz, and oxytocin can also relieve pain and enhance the analgesic effect of electroacupuncture. Second, 15Hz can both promote the release of β-End and Enk. Although it is not as effective as 2Hz in releasing β-End,
In Summary, it was confirmed that TEAS played a role in relieving postoperative pain and promoting the recovery of gastrointestinal function, which may be related to the modulation of inflammation. And there was no adverse reaction during the entire trial. Therefore, TEAS can be used as an adjuvant therapy to enhance the postoperative recovery for patients with gastric cancer.
We declare that we do not have any commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the work submitted. And informed consents have been obtained from all patients included in this trial.
Nausea and vomiting are among the most common and distressing side effects of chemotherapy. Difference in views about the effectiveness of auricular acupuncture (AA) versus electroacupuncture (EA) of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) lies at the heart of the debate. The aim of this study is to compare the antiemetic efficacy and safety of AA and EA for CINV.
One hundred twenty participants, 18 to 75 years old malignant tumors will receiving chemotherapy with cisplatin, will be recruited and randomized into 3 groups equally, Group A (the AA group), Group B (the EA group), and Group C (the control group). The participants in Group A and Group B will receive AA or EA regimens, alternatively, beginning on the day before first day of chemotherapy for a third consecutive cycles. All participants will continue to receive conventional treatment. The incidence and severity of CINV will be assessed using the definition and classification of nausea and vomiting (NCI-CTC AE4.0) and the MASCC (Multinational Association for Supportive Care in Cancer) Antiemesis Tool (MAT). Secondary outcome measures include the degree of abdominal distension, the first time of flatus and defecation, and life quality. Additionally, adverse events will also be documented during the period of the treatment.
This trial may provide evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness and safety of AA versus EA for CINV following cisplatin-based regimens.
This study is registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry: ChiCTR2000040942.
Chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) is among the most common and distressing side effects of chemotherapy.
Cisplatin, which is a cornerstone of chemotherapy for the treatment of multiple cancers, is a highly emetogenic chemotherapy drug.
Although the mechanisms underlying CINV are not clear enough,
An increasing body of evidence points that electroacupuncture (EA) may provide modest benefits in the treatment of CINV.
To our knowledge, there are no randomized controlled trails comparing the effect and safety of AA versus EA in cancer patients who experience CINV. Therefore, the present study is designed to determine the efficacy and safety of AA versus EA in ameliorating CINV among patients receiving cisplatin-based regimens.
This is a singular center, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Using a balanced random approach, all participants will be recruited and assigned to 3 groups: Group A (the AA group), Group B (the EA group), and Group C (the control group), after meeting the eligibility criteria, and completing informed consent.
This trial will be accomplished strictly followed the principles for medical ethics outlined in the 2013 updated Declaration of Helsinki. The study was approved by the Ethics and Research Committee of Chengdu Second People's Hospital, China (ethics reference: 2020077). This committee is an ethical approval committee organized by leading professors in their own fields. It will be obtained from all participants in advance that written and signed informed consent. This trial has been registered on 
All participants will be recruited from the Oncology Department of Chengdu Second People's Hospital, a tertiary hospital, which plays the leading role at the local. We will recruit cases diagnosed with magnificent tumor confirmed by clinicopathology or cytology undergoing the cisplatin-based chemotherapy regimens. Participants who fulfil the inclusion criteria and sign informed consent forms will enter the screening period, otherwise will be excluded before randomization. Chengdu is the largest base of industrial technology and commercial and financial center in the west of China, with a population of 14,047,600, where could collect more cases of diversity. The duration of enrollment is from December 31, 2020 to December 30, 2022.
Eligible participants are all adults aged 18 to 75 years, diagnosed with magnificent tumor confirmed by clinicopathology or cytology undergoing the cisplatin-based chemotherapy regimens and an expected survival time of >3 months. They are still in relatively good physical condition, with a Kamofsky score >60.
The exclusion criteria are as follows: nausea and vomiting caused by intracranial or other metastases, severe gastrointestinal obstruction, or combine organic disorders; recent using drugs may cause nausea and vomiting; participants with allergy history, especially to metal and tape; participants with inability to communicate; participants participating in another clinical trial within 3 months.
The withdrawal criteria are as follows: terminate or adjust the chemotherapy regimen after evaluation by oncologists due to clinical exacerbation; at the patient's own request or at the request of their legal representative.
Participants in all groups will receive conventional Western medical treatments as recommended by the Guidelines of Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology: Prevention and treatment of nausea and vomiting caused by antitumor therapies,
Patients receiving acupuncture therapy will be treated bilaterally at 2 distal acupoints: Neiguan (PC6) and Zusanli (ST36). PC6 is an acupoint of the pericardium meridian. It is located between the palmaris longus tendon and the flexor carpi radialis muscle tendon, 2 cun above the rasceta. ST36 is located on the anterolateral side of the lower leg, 3 cun below Dubi and one finger width lateral of the anterior border of the tibia. The location of these acupoints is described in The National Standard of Acupoint Location. Detailed information on the acupuncture treatment is provided in Table 
Detailed information about acupuncture treatment according to STRICTA guideline.
Participants in Group A will receive the following treatment. After each insertion site be disinfected with 75% alcohol, sterile intradermal acupuncture needles (PYONEX, ϕ0.2 × 1.2 mm, SEIRIN Corporation, Japan) will be inserted vertically to a depth of 1.2 mm. Participants will be requested to put pressure on the each auricular point for about 15 seconds per one time, 3 times per day.
As for the participants in Group B, Shukang brand needles (size 0.25 mm × 40 mm) made by Changchun Aikang Medical Devices Co., Ltd., China, will be used to perform the acupuncture treatments. Stimulation will be applied until the patient experiences de qi (obtains qi). A patient's experience of de qi may take on multiple unique manifestations at the needle site itself and/or around the site of needle manipulation including soreness, aching, numbness, tingling, and even warmth. Electrical stimulation of acupuncture needles will be done at the frequency of 15 Hz with continuous wave in order to ensure patient comfort, lasting 30 minutes.
Participants in the above 2 groups will individually be needled for 4 days, beginning on the day before first day of chemotherapy and ending on the last day of it. The intervention will be applied for a third consecutive cycle. Only well-trained acupuncturists with >5 years of clinical experience could conduct acupuncture manipulation.
Subjects in the control group (Group C) will not receive acupuncture treatments. They will receive conventional Western medicine treatment only.
All patients undergo supervision and evaluation of curative effect at 10 am daily, until discharge. A third party will perform all data analysis. The flow chart of this trial is shown in Fig. 
The flow chart of this study.
The primary outcome measure will be the definition and classification of nausea and vomiting (NCI-CTC AE4.0) and the MASCC (Multinational Association for Supportive Care in Cancer) Antiemesis Tool (MAT) score, 24 hours and fourth day after chemotherapy, for a third consecutive cisplatin-based chemotherapy cycle. These 2 scales are used to describe the condition and degree of CINV in cancers, and strongly recommended by different international guidelines and widely applied. They are easy-to-use and evaluate the likelihood of a patient's condition. The definition and classification of nausea and vomiting stages the nausea and vomiting into 3 and 4 grades, respectively; and MAT is comprised of 2 sections: 24 hours later and 4 days later. In terms of MAT, each section has 4 identical items including occurrence of nausea and vomiting, frequency of vomiting, and level of nausea.
Secondary outcome measures are as follows:
Abdominal distension is defined as a score of Likert-type scale at 24 hours and fourth day after chemotherapy. Scores on Likert-type scale range from 1 to 5, with a score of 5 indicating no symptoms; a score of 1 indicating severe distension, interfering sleep (Table 
The time of first defecation is recorded as a relatively objective indicator to describe the digestive function of participants.
The World Health Organization Quality of Life scale will be performed on each patient once a month, 3 times in total.
The Likert-type scale.
Any adverse events or abnormalities will be recorded on case report forms no matter what intervention is used. The severity of such adverse events will be described as mild, moderate, or severe, and the relation of the events to the intervention will be evaluated as not related, possibly related, or related. If any serious adverse events occur as the result of a certain intervention, that intervention will be stopped immediately and appropriate corrective action will be taken. Any serious adverse events will be reported promptly to the institutional review board, according to the protocol.
Using the frequency of onset as the primary outcome measurement, NQuery Advisor software (version 4.0, Statistical Solutions, Ireland) was used to calculate the appropriate sample size. Based on literature research, the sample size was estimated according to the calculation formula of non-inferiority test. α = 0.025, β = 0.2, non-inferiority margin δ = 15%, ε is the actual difference among groups. One-way test was performed, and the sample size was calculated to show that 103 samples are needed in this study. One hundred eighteen cases were needed in the 3 groups, assuming a 10% non-adherence to treatment and a 5% loss to follow-up. In this study, a total of 120 cases were selected from 3 groups, 40 cases in each group.
Randomization of subjects to 2 groups will be on the basis of a concealed allocation approach using statistical analysis PROCPLAN statements (SAS 9.4; World Headquarters SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC). A computer-generated list of random numbers will be used to determine the allocation of the participants, with numbered opaque sealed envelopes containing the randomization schedule. The envelopes will be kept by an investigator who is not an assessor in the study and will be informed of the outcomes at the end of the study. In this trial, participants and acupuncture practitioners cannot be blinded. The researchers recording the outcomes and those making the conclusions will be all blinded to patients’ assessments.
All continuous data will be expressed as mean ± standard deviation. For these data, a 
Acupoint therapies, including EA and AA, have the characteristics of higher acceptability, limit side effects, and inexpensiveness.
To minimize the bias, stratified block randomization and blinding will be applied, and participants will be avoided any communication with others farthest, shaped by separate treatment time and diagnosis rooms.
Despite its strengths, this study has, nevertheless, an obvious limitation. It is a single-center study, which may limit its generalizability so a future multiple-center large-sample size study will be needed. However, the results of this trail will provide more evidence and will help medical staffs make a better choice for patients.
The authors would like to thank Hexiang Xia for his bolstering our morale up whenever we need. Yang Zhang also should be named for her benevolent help in the section of References. They are extremely appreciative of our families’ understanding and supporting.
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
Abbreviations: 5-HT3RA = 5-hydroxytryptamine-3 serotonin receptor antagonists, AA = auricular acupuncture, CINV = chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, EA = electroacupuncture, NK-1RA = Neurokinin1 receptor antagonists.
How to cite this article: Liu My, Sung L, Liao YS, Jiao Yf, Sun Cs, Peng Xd. The efficacy and safety of auricular acupuncture versus electroacupuncture in ameliorating chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting among patients receiving cisplatin-based regimens. 
The work is supported by the Chengdu Medical Research Project and funded by Chengdu Municipal Health Commission (Grant no.2020054).
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study.
STRICTA = Standards for Reporting Interventions in Clinical Trials of Acupuncture.
Initial results from various phase-III trials on vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 are promising. For proper translation of these results to clinical guidelines, it is essential to determine how well the general population is reflected in the study populations of these trials. This study was conducted among 7162 participants (age-range: 51–106 years; 58% women) from the Rotterdam Study. We quantified the proportion of participants that would be eligible for the nine ongoing phase-III trials. We further quantified the eligibility among participants at high risk to develop severe COVID-19. Since many trials were not explicit in their exclusion criterion with respect to ‘acute’ or ‘unstable preexisting’ diseases, we performed two analyses. First, we included all participants irrespective of this criterion. Second, we excluded persons with acute or ‘unstable preexisting’ diseases. 97% of 7162 participants was eligible for any trial with eligibility for separate trials ranging between 11–97%. For high-risk individuals the corresponding numbers were 96% for any trial with separate trials ranging from 5–96%. Importantly, considering persons ineligible due to ‘acute’ or ‘unstable pre-existing’ disease drastically dropped the eligibilities for all trials below 43% for the total population and below 36% for high-risk individuals. The eligibility for ongoing vaccine trials against SARS-CoV-2 can reduce by half depending on interpretation and application of a single unspecified exclusion criterion. This exclusion criterion in our study would especially affect the elderly and those with pre-existing morbidities. These findings thus indicate the difficulty as well as importance of developing clinical recommendations for vaccination and applying these to the appropriate target populations. This becomes especially paramount considering the fact that many countries worldwide have initiated their vaccination programs by first targeting the elderly and most vulnerable persons.
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1007/s10654-021-00729-5.
Several phase III trials on vaccines against SARS-CoV-2 are ongoing and initial results highly promising. A major issue of these phase III trials is to what extent the included study population is representative of the intended (or target) population, i.e. external validity.
For these trials, the intended target population is initially comprised of high-risk individuals usually considered to be elderly persons as well as those with comorbidities, and ultimately the entire world population. It remains unclear whether these target populations are representatively recruited into ongoing trials. This information is pivotal, since clinical recommendations for any approved vaccine should incorporate the proper target populations for which these vaccines have shown efficacy, and also determine those populations not sufficiently represented in the trials.
We sought to quantify the external validity of the various ongoing trials to a middle-aged and elderly West-European population from the Rotterdam Study. Specifically, we were interested to quantify what proportion of this study population would be eligible to participate in these trials and how many of those eligible are from high-risk categories.
Extensive methods are available in the Online Resource.
Briefly, for this study we screened 
The group at high risk of severe COVID-19 was defined according to the criteria of the Dutch National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RIVM) [
We carried out our analyses in the population-based Rotterdam Study [
We applied eligibility criteria from each separate trial to our study population and calculated the following proportions: the proportion of participants eligible for any trial, and for each trial separately, the number of high-risk individuals in our study eligible for any trial, and for each trial separately.
We performed two complementary analyses and calculated the abovementioned proportions in each analysis separately. These two analyses differed with respect to the interpretation of an eligibility criterion that was not always explicitly specified in the various trial protocols. This criterion was often stated as follows: ‘
Finally, in sensitivity analyses we incrementally restricted the study population to persons aged over 60, 70, and 80 years (Online Resource Fig. 
Venn diagram for the proportion of eligible Rotterdam Study participants for any trial. The colours are coded as follows: blue circle: total study population; yellow circle: persons at high risk of severe COVID-19; red circle: persons eligible for any trial in the first analysis; red dotted circle: persons eligible for any trial in the second analysis, in which individuals with acute course of disease were excluded
Table 
Overview of the included trials with the selection of exclusion criteria per trial, for which data from the Rotterdam Study was available
None
(Biomedical advanced research and development authority and NIAID)
None
(Sinovac Life Sciences Co., Ltd.)
None
(Iqvia Pty Ltd)
None
(Pfizer)
None
(Government of the city of Moscow and CRO)
None
(G42 Healthcare company, Abu Dhabi Health Services Company, Wuhan Institute of Biological Products Co., Ltd and Beijing Institute of Biological Products Co., Ltd)
None
(CanSino Biologics Inc.)
SysBP > 139 mmHg
DiaBP > 90 mmHg
SysBP < 100 mmHg
DiaBP < 60 mmHg
None
*Immunosuppressive and immunomodulatory medications: Immunosuppressive medications, corticosteroid use and antineoplastic agents; ICD10-codes: L04, L01, H01
None
None
None
None
None
97% (N = 6945) of the total Rotterdam Study participants would be eligible for any trial in the first analysis, while this percentage dropped to 43% (N = 3107) in the second analysis. Among the 5781 participants at high-risk of severe COVID-19, 96% (N = 5564) would be eligible for any trial in the first analysis and 36% (N = 2102) in the second analysis (Fig. 
Figure 
The number and proportion of eligibility from the Rotterdam Study population for ongoing clinical phase III trials on a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2. White bars indicate data from the first analysis; black bars indicate data from the second analysis. The difference between these two analyses is the operationalization, and thus inclusion or exclusion, of the eligibility criteria ‘(un)stable disease’, ‘acute course of disease’, or ‘other condition increasing risk of participation’. 
In a middle-aged and elderly population in the Netherlands from predominantly West-European descent, we found that 97% of this population would be eligible to participate in any of the nine currently ongoing vaccine trials against SARS-CoV-2. For persons at high-risk of severe COVID-19, the eligibility for any trial was 96%. Importantly, applying stricter exclusion based on the criterion ‘acute’ or ‘unstable preexisting’ disease drastically reduced the eligibility for any trial to 43% of the entire study population and 36% of the high-risk individuals.
Clinical trials are often considered the golden standard in efficacy research, due to several strengths by design with respect to internal validity. In contrast, whether findings from clinical trials are adequately translated to clinical practice also depends on their external validity. External validity is the extent to which findings from one study are applicable to target populations not represented in the actual study population. To properly gauge the actual study population, it is crucial that clinical trials explicitly report the setting of the trial, the exact intervention, the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and the characteristics of the actually recruited population [
The population of the Rotterdam Study is a lower-middle class population of primarily European descent. Previously, this population has shown good generalizability to the population of the Netherlands [
In conclusion, we found that eligibility for ongoing vaccine trials against SARS-CoV-2 can reduce by half depending on interpretation and application of a single unspecified exclusion criterion. This exclusion criterion in our study would especially affect the elderly and those with pre-existing morbidities. These findings thus indicate the difficulty as well as importance of developing clinical recommendations for vaccination and applying these to the appropriate target populations. This becomes especially paramount considering the fact that many countries worldwide have initiated their vaccination programs by first targeting the elderly and most vulnerable persons.
Below is the link to the electronic supplementary material.
Supplementary file1 (DOCX 356 KB)
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
AH, JG and MAI conceptualized the analysis. NT and MAI did the data analysis and prepared the first draft of the manuscript. All authors were involved in the interpretation of the results and revision of the final manuscript.
The Rotterdam Study is funded by Erasmus Medical Center and Erasmus University, Rotterdam, Netherlands Organization for the Health Research and Development (ZonMw), the Research Institute for Diseases in the Elderly (RIDE), the Ministry of Education, Culture and Science, the Ministry for Health, Welfare and Sports, the European Commission (DG XII), and the Municipality of Rotterdam. The authors are grateful to the study participants, the staff from the Rotterdam Study and the participating general practitioners and pharmacists.
Data can be obtained upon request. Requests should be directed towards the management team of the Rotterdam Study (secretariat.epi@erasmusmc.nl), which has a protocol for approving data requests. Because of restrictions based on privacy regulations and informed consent of the participants, data cannot be made freely available in a public repository.
Authors declare no conflicts of interests.
The Rotterdam Study has been approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Erasmus MC (registration number MEC 02.1015) and by the Dutch Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Population Screening Act WBO, license number 1071272-159521-PG). The Rotterdam Study Personal Registration Data collection is filed with the Erasmus MC Data Protection Officer under registration number EMC1712001. The Rotterdam Study has been entered into the Netherlands National Trial Register (NTR; 
The classical pathway for diagnosing prostate cancer is systematic 12-core biopsy under the guidance of transrectal ultrasound, which tends to underdiagnose the clinically significant tumour and overdiagnose the insignificant disease. Another pathway named targeted biopsy is using multiparametric MRI to localise the tumour precisely and then obtain the samples from the suspicious lesions. Targeted biopsy, which is mainly divided into cognitive fusion method and software-based fusion method, is getting prevalent for its good performance in detecting significant cancer. However, the preferred targeted biopsy technique in detecting clinically significant prostate cancer between cognitive fusion and software-based fusion is still beyond consensus.
This trial is a prospective, single-centre, randomised controlled and non-inferiority study in which all men suspicious to have clinically significant prostate cancer are included. This study aims to determine whether a novel three-dimensional matrix positioning cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy is non-inferior to software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in the detection rate of clinically significant cancer in men without a prior biopsy. The main inclusion criteria are men with elevated serum prostate-specific antigen above 4–20 ng/mL or with an abnormal digital rectal examination and have never had a biopsy before. A sample size of 602 participants allowing for a 10% loss will be recruited. All patients will undergo a multiparametric MRI examination, and those who fail to be found with a suspicious lesion, with the anticipation of half of the total number, will be dropped. The remaining participants will be randomly allocated to cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy (n=137) and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy (n=137). The primary outcome is the detection rate of clinically significant prostate cancer for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in men without a prior biopsy. The clinically significant prostate cancer will be defined as the International Society of Urological Pathology grade group 2 or higher.
Ethical approval was obtained from the ethics committee of Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China. The results of the study will be disseminated and published in international peer-reviewed journals.
ClinicalTrials.gov Registry (
This study is the first trial to compare a novel cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy, which is based on a three-dimensional matrix positioning method, with a software-based fusion-targeted biopsy.
The study will determine the efficacy of the novel cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy in the diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Rigorous randomised design and allocation concealment method will reduce bias, which enables the higher reliability of the results.
This study takes place in one hospital, hence may make the finding less generalisable.
The study is performed in the centre that developed the guiding method, which may overestimate its performance as compared with less experienced readers.
Prostate cancer (PCa) is the second most common cancer worldwide which leads the five causes of death among men.
Thanks to the development of multiparametric MRI (mpMRI) in identifying PCa, another pathway named targeted biopsy is getting prevalent. It aims to first perform an mpMRI for localising the tumour precisely and then obtain the samples from the suspicious lesions, and is shown to be more purposeful and less random compared with the systematic biopsy. Several pieces of evidence have proven the superiority of targeted biopsy in detection rates of clinically significant PCa (csPCa) and avoidance of unnecessary biopsy.
Targeted biopsy can be subdivided into three different methods: in-bore MRI, cognitive fusion and software-based fusion. An in-bore MRI-targeted biopsy is described as to perform a targeted biopsy under real-time MRI guidance. Although this method is accurate in locating the targeted lesions, it is a failure to be widely used in clinical practice for its inconvenience and time-consuming use.
We have developed a method named three-dimensional matrix positioning to increase the accuracy of cognitive fusion for targeted biopsy detection of csPCa, which involves several fiducial axes derived from MRI localisation of the region of interest, then transposed onto the ultrasound image to help direct the biopsy needle into the right place.
This trial aims to compare three-dimensional matrix positioning cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy for the detection rate of csPCa for men without a prior biopsy for localised PCa. The primary objective is to assess whether the cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy is non-inferior to software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in the detection rate of clinically significant cancer.
This prospective, single-centre, randomised controlled and non-inferiority study will take place at Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China. The primary objective of this study is to identify whether the three-dimensional matrix positioning cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy is non-inferior to software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in the detection rate of clinically significant cancer in men without a prior biopsy.
The study flow chart is shown in 
Trial flow chart. mpMRI, multiparametric MRI; PI-RADS, Prostate Imaging-Reporting and Data System.
Twenty-region template-guided prostate biopsy.
Participant timeline in the study
PSA, prostate-specific antigen; SAE, serious adverse event.
We chose the randomised trial instead of a paired cohort to reduce bias. Because if two biopsies are performed on the same participant, the progress of one may lead to the bleeding and deformation of the prostate, which will affect the progress of the other.
The primary outcome is the detection rate of csPCa for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in men without a prior biopsy. The csPCa will be defined as International Society of Urological Pathology (ISUP) grade group 2 or higher, according to the 2014 ISUP classification.
The main secondary outcomes are as follows:
The detection rate of any PCa for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy.
The detection rate of csPCa for each targeted technique combined with a template-guided biopsy.
The detection rate of any PCa for each targeted method combined with a template-guided biopsy.
The comparison of the results between the two urologists, including the detection rate of csPCa and any PCa in the targeted biopsy, template biopsy and combined biopsy.
The influence of prostate volume on the difference between the two fusion-targeted biopsies.
Patients with suspicious PCa and had no previous biopsy will be considered eligible for registration in this trial if they can meet all inclusion criteria and had no any exclusion criteria. The main criteria include men with elevated serum PSA above 4–20 ng/mL or with an abnormal DRE and have never had a biopsy before. The details of inclusion and exclusion criteria are shown in 
Age over 18 years old.
Prostate-specific antigen increase to 4–20 ng/mL and/or abnormal digital rectal examination.
Without previous prostate biopsy.
Fully understand the clinical trial protocol and sign the informed consent.
Previous history of prostate biopsy.
Evidence of acute or chronic prostatitis.
Contraindications to prostate biopsy (eg, fever, evidence of urinary tract infection).
Contraindications to MRI (eg, metal implant, contrast agent allergy).
The investigator judges that patients are not suitable for this clinical trial.
Any other conditions that make the investigator judge that participants are not suitable for this trial.
All participants who sign the informed consent will subsequently undergo a 3.0-Tesla mpMRI (Magnetom Skyra, Siemens Medical Solutions, Erlangen, Germany) with an 18-channel phased-array coil. The sequences of examination mainly included T2-weighted imaging (T2WI), diffusion-weighted imaging (acquired b-values 0, 400, 1000 and 2000 s/mm)
Only participants with a PI-RADS score 3, 4 or 5 will be allocated 1:1 to cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy group or software-based fusion-targeted biopsy group by using block randomisation. The random sequence will be generated by PROC PLAN statement of SAS v9.4 program which will be kept by one research nurse and blinded to other researchers. A random number will be revealed only when one participant is being randomised.
All biopsies in both arms will be performed via the perineum by two urologists (HW with an experience of more than 10 years and BH with an experience of more than 5 years) with an UltraView 800 ultrasound device (BK Ultrasound, USA) and a bi-planar TRUS probe (8848, BK Ultrasound) under a local anaesthetic block. Before performing the biopsy, one urologist will read the report and the image of MRI to identify the location of target lesions, while another one will be blinded to the MRI result.
Each participant in this arm will undergo a cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy first. A novel three-dimensional matrix positioning-based cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy will be performed under the guidance of a bi-plane TRUS probe after reviewing the mpMRI finding. Three cores of biopsy will be taken for each suspicious lesion which is showed in mpMRI with PI-RADS score of 3–5. The details of the cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy were described in our previous research.
The software-based fusion-targeted biopsy will be performed with the MIM symphony software by taking two-dimensional mpMRI images to create a three-dimensional map then be fused with the ultrasound images. Each suspicious area with a PI-RADS score equal to or more than 3 will be performed a three-core biopsy by one urologist, which will be followed with a 20-region template-guided biopsy by another. Also, whoever performs the targeted biopsy will be randomised.
A pathology group, which is blinded to all clinical data including the technique of biopsy, will evaluate the samples. The pathological finding will be reported within 2 weeks post-biopsy. Clinically significant cancer is defined as the ISUP grade group 2 or higher.
Continuous variables will be reported by using means with SDs or median with IQR, while categorical variables will be shown by using frequencies with proportions.
The primary analysis in this trial will follow the intention-to-treat principle, including all patients who have undergone randomisation. The primary outcome is the detection rate of csPCa for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy. The absolute difference between these two arms will be calculated with a 95% CI by estimating with a generalised linear model. The cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy will be described as non-inferior if the lower bound of the 95% CI of the difference in the clinically significant cancer detection rate of the cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy arm compared with the software-based fusion-targeted biopsy arm (cognitive fusion arm minus software-based arm) is higher than −10%.
The second outcomes will be analysed with 95% CI and Pearson Χ
A retrospective data review for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy performed at our institution during 2017 showed a clinically significant cancer detection rate of 52.8%,
For the non-inferiority hypothesis, using a 10% non-inferiority margin, using 80% power and 5% one-sided α, assuming a detection rate of clinically significant cancer for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy of 50% and a detection rate for software-based fusion-targeted biopsy of 45%, using allocation ratio of 1:1, 137 men per arm will be required. Assuming that 50% has at least one suspicious lesion on mpMRI, 548 men are needed. Account for 10% withdraw/loss, a total of 602 participants are required for inclusion.
A research nurse will record all harms or adverse events relevant or not relevant to the procedure of biopsy. Adverse events will be assessed by Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. The serious adverse events that include (1) death; (2) life-threatening; (3) hospitalisation and (4) disability or permanent damage will be recorded immediately and then sent to the ethics committee and the monitoring board within 24 hours. All harms and adverse events will be recorded from the registration to 1 week after the biopsy.
The data will be collected from the patient/relative of a patient at registration, and the medical record on 2 weeks and 6 weeks. The demographic information (age, height, weight, body mass index), PSA and family history will be recorded on registration, as well as the DRE will be performed. On 2 weeks after the registration, an MRI result will be recorded, including a PI-RADS score, prostate volume and suspicious lesion volume. Both prostate volume and suspicious lesion volume will be measured by mpMRI on the T2WI sequence. The data of pathological assessment will be recorded on 6 weeks (2 weeks post-biopsy) including an overall Gleason score and a separate Gleason score for each biopsy core. Besides, the length and per cent of tumour in each biopsy core will also be reported.
A team of independent clinical research associates (CRAs) with all more than 5 years of experience is responsible for being familiar with the trial protocol and monitoring all researchers and all participants involved in the whole processes of this trial. The CRA’s role is to (1) monitor the trial plan, the record forms and the case report form before the start of the trial; (2) monitor participants' informed consent and enrolment rates; (3) monitor the compliance of participants and investigators with the protocol, and monitor data quality and authenticity.
Ethical approval was obtained from the ethics committee of Shanghai East Hospital. The results of this study will be disseminated for international peer-reviewed journals and disseminated for presentation at international or national academic conference.
This RCT was first registered online at ClinicalTrials.gov on 13 February 2020. The study is expected to start on 1 September 2020. Recruitment is anticipated to continue until 1 September 2021 with 6-week follow-up to be completed in November 2021.
This trial protocol was written without patient or public involvement. The participants were not involved in the contribution of the design, recruitment or conduction of the study. Each participant will be informed of the latest results at follow-up and receive a summary of the main finding at the end of the trial.
BH and RL contributed equally.
None
None
None
None
None
None
The current standard postoperative treatment for stage II-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a regimen of platinum doublet adjuvant chemotherapy. These regimens, which are the same as for solid NSCLC tumors, often cause severe adverse reactions in the treated patients. Therefore, an effective treatment regimen with fewer side effects is needed.
The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of S-1 monotherapy (80 mg/m
This study has been conceived to establish a superior regimen for completely resected NSCLC based on efficacy, safety and QOL.
Registry number: 
Lung cancer remains the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. In order to prevent lung cancer recurrence, adjuvant chemotherapy in post-operative patients with stage IB-IIIA non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has been established as the standard treatment [
A recent study of the 5-year survival in a randomized phase III study of cisplatin with pemetrexed versus cisplatin with vinorelbine for completely resected stage II-IIIA non-squamous NSCLC (the JIPANG study) was reported (ASCO 2019 8501). The JIPANG study failed to show the superiority of pemetrexed plus cisplatin over vinorelbine plus cisplatin and the cost of pemetrexed is high. However, the regimen will be considered as an option for adjuvant chemotherapy for stage II-IIIA non-squamous NSCLC since the effect is comparable and the patients treated with cisplatin and pemetrexed had a higher completion rate with low adverse reactions compared to the patients treated with cisplatin and vinorelbine. Another recent approach is the use of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) for postoperative patients. Several clinical trials of ICI with/without chemotherapy are currently underway in adjuvant setting [
S-1 might be another candidate for mild adjuvant chemotherapy for NSCLC. The oral fluoropyrimidine derivative which consists of tegafur and two modulators, 5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxypyridine (CDHP) and potassium oxonate (Oxo), enhances 5-FU efficacy by inhibiting degradation of 5-FU and reduces the GI toxicity caused by 5-FU [
Feasibility studies of S-1 based adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with stage IB to IIIA NSCLC have also been conducted [
The low incidence of adverse reaction directly correlates with the quality of life of the treated patients. Because of mild adverse reactions, S-1 can be administrated for outpatients without hospitalization and treated patients can continue daily life and working, which will maintain the social productivity of the treated individuals. The evaluation of quality of life (QOL) and work productivity of postoperative patients shows the advantage of S-1 chemotherapy versus standard platinum doublet adjuvant chemotherapy. Taken together, these findings have enabled us to design the current phase II study to confirm the beneficial effects of S-1 in adjuvant chemotherapy. In this article, we describe the protocol (version 2; January 14, 2020) for this study. The results of this study are expected to provide basic information for raising the precision of performance for a randomized phase III study.
The present study is a multicenter, phase II, randomized, open-labelled, parallel-group comparison study of the efficacy and safety of S-1 compared with cisplatin plus vinorelbine for adjuvant therapy in patients with NSCLC. The study design is summarized in Fig. 
Study Design of LOGIK1702 Study, A Randomized Phase II Study of S-1 and Cisplatin with Vinorelbine for Completely Resected Stage II/IIIA NSCLC
Treatment schedule and outcome measures of arm A (2A) and arm B (2B). ●; Measurements, ▲; Measurable facilities (Once a month), △; optional. *1; Measurements at every 90 (±30) days until 3 years from the start of the treatment. Every 180 (±60) days thereafter.*2; Measurements at every 180 (±60) days until 3 years from the start of the treatment. Every 365 (±90) days thereafter. *3: Measurements at 365 (±60) days and 545(±60) days. 
The study is being conducted at 30 institutions in the Lung Cancer Group in Kyusyu (LOGIK) in Japan. The study is registered with the University Hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry (
All eligible patients will be selected and approached on the basis of information derived from the electronic health records of these 30 institutions (academic hospitals) according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Participants will be provided with an explanation about the study by their treating physicians, and they will be asked to voluntarily sign an informed consent before participation. If the patient’s consent is obtained, a clinical trial physician will perform the observation/examination based on the description in Fig. 
The main patient inclusion and exclusion criteria are detailed in Table 
Main Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria
Arm A (S-1 monotherapy) is an adjuvant therapy of S-1 for 16 courses (1 year). S-1 80 mg/m
Arm B (Cisplatin with vinorelbine combination therapy) is an adjuvant therapy of cisplatin with vinorelbine for 4 courses. Cisplatin 80 mg/m
After the acquisition of written informed consent and the completion of baseline measurements, the enrolled participants are registered and assigned treatment by the registration center. Participants will be randomly allocated at a ratio of 1:1 (S1 versus Cisplatin with vinorelbine). Randomization will be performed using the block randomization method with randomly varying block length utilizing SAS version 9.4 software (SAS Institute, Cary, NC, USA).
This aim of this study is to estimate the 2 year relapse-free survival rate (RFS) for each study arm with sufficient clinical precision. The statistical comparison of the difference in RFS between the two arms is not a primary aim. We designed the sample size to estimate the 2-year-RFS with the accuracy determined to be the width of the 95% confidence interval for the 2 year-RFS to be less than 20%. The 2-year RFS was expected to be 65%. Assuming an estimate at the 95% confidence interval for the 2 year-RFS with the Wilson’s method, 84 patients are necessary for each arm. Estimating around 10% drop outs, we set the total number of patients to be 190. The above sample size was set to assure the statistical power to quantitatively compare the primary point between the arms. The primary goal of this study is to evaluate the clinical significance of the S1 monotherapy by integrating the observed data of the RFSs, QOL and adverse events of the two arms.
Relapse-free survival was defined as the time from the date of the start of treatment to the date of disease progression or death (whichever occurs first) or the date of last contact. Overall survival was defined as the time from the date of the start of treatment to the date of death or last contact. The Kaplan-Meier method will be used to estimate the time-to-event functions of relapse-free survival and overall survival. The log-rank test will be conducted as a reference without setting the significance level.
Since 2004, cisplatin with vinorelbine has been the preferred treatment for patients who have undergone complete resection of stage II to IIIA NSCLC and the recommended regimen has not been changed in more than 16 years. Because the adverse reactions are severe in the cisplatin with vinorelbine regime, the Lung Cancer Group in Kyusyu (LOGIK) is conducting the LOGIK1702 study in order to compare the efficacy of milder chemotherapy using S-1 compared to the standard regimen of cisplatin with vinorelbine. S-1 chemotherapy has been successfully used for other cancers and is recommended for intestinal adjuvant chemotherapy. In previous studies using cisplatin doublet based adjuvant chemotherapies most of the relapses occurred within 2-years following the operation and the survival curve came to a plateau thereafter [
The limitation of the present study is that this randomized study is not aimed at evaluating statistical comparison of the difference in prognoses between the two arms. Rather, this study is aimed at providing basic information for improving the performance evaluation of a future randomized phase III study. The LOGIK1702 study will give us new information on the optimal chemotherapy regimen for completely resected NSCLC.
Non-small cell lung cancer
Quality of life
Relapse free survival
Overall survival
Quality of adjusted life years
Cisplatin
Vinorelbine
Aspartate aminotransferase
5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxypyridine
Potassium oxonate
Euro QoL 5 dimensions
Work productivity and activity impairment
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
We thank the Kyushu Clinical Research Support Center for their work regarding the clinical trial and preparation of the manuscript. We also thank Dr. Mary Durbin for critical reading of the manuscript. This study is financially supported by Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Version 2. Approved February 5, 2020
UMIN000027435.
May 22, 2017.
TT, and TN are conducting the LOGIK1702 study as described in the protocol and drafted this manuscript. TN is the principal investigator of the study. KM, TM, RD, HY, KT and HW are contributing the recruitment of participants and data collection and critically reviewed the manuscript. ST and KS participated in the trial design and planning of the statistical analyses. All authors have read and approved the manuscript.
This study is supported by Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. The role of the funder is for financial support for the management office only.
Only the statistician who designed this trial will have access to the personal data of participants and to the final data set. The datasets used and/or analysed during the current study will be available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
This study was conducted in accordance with the principles expressed in the Declaration of Helsinki. The primary protocol of this study was approved by the central ethics committee of Clinical Research Network Fukuoka Certified Review Board (CRB7180004) on May 2, 2017. Protocol amendments have been made in the study period and the participating institutions. The latest version (version 2) of the study protocol has been reviewed and approved by the Clinical Research Network Fukuoka Certified Review Board on February 5, 2020 (jRCTs071180010). Written informed consent will be obtained from all the participants.
Not applicable.
The authors declare no conflicts of interest associated with this manuscript.
Increasing rates of breast cancer screening have been associated with an increasing frequency of non-palpable breast lesions detection. Preoperative breast lesion localization is essential for optimizing excision accuracy. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of indocyanine green (ICG) hyaluronic acid injection as a novel mixture for localization.
We performed a prospective clinical trial with female patients who underwent surgery for non-palpable breast lesions. All patients were sequentially assigned to the control group (localization with activated charcoal), Test Group 1 (ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture 0.1 mL), or Test Group 2 (ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture 0.2 mL) by 1:1:1 ratio.
A total of 44 patients were eligible for this study (Control Group = 14, Test Group 1 = 15, Test Group 2 = 15 patients). Fibroadenoma (n = 17, 38.6%) accounted for the largest proportion of diagnoses, and five patients (11.4%) were diagnosed with malignancies. There were no statistically significant differences in baseline characteristics among the three groups. The marking rate was over 86% in all groups, with no significant intergroup differences. Skin pigmentation was only observed in the control group. The mean accuracy of resection (the greatest diameter of the excised specimen divided by the greatest diameter of the preoperative lesion as observed using ultrasonography, with values closer to 1 reflecting a higher accuracy) was 3.7 in the control group, 2.2 in Test Group 1, and 2.1 in Test Group 2 (p = 0.037 between Controls and Test Group 1, p = 0.744 between Test Group 1 and Test Group 2, and p = 0.026 between Controls and Test Group 2).
ICG-hyaluronic acid injection is a novel method that was shown to accurately localize non-palpable breast lesions and was associated with no skin pigmentation. Further research is required to apply this method to malignant breast lesions.
None
Increasing rates of breast cancer screening have been associated with an increasing frequency of non-palpable breast lesion detection [
In general, there are several ways for localizing non-palpable breast lesions—for example: skin marking with a pen, wire, or tattoo. Skin marking with a pen under ultrasound (US) guidance is simple to perform, but pen markings can be easily erased and affected by a patient’s movements [
Preoperative localization of non-palpable breast lesions is essential for optimizing excision accuracy and margin distance. Indocyanine green (ICG)–hyaluronic acid (LuminoMark™) is a mixture that can be used for accurate preoperative localization with no associated skin pigmentation. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ICG-hyaluronic acid injection as a novel localization technique.
In this prospective, multi-center, open-label, parallel clinical trial (ClinicalTrials. gov Identifier: NCT03743259), we screen 50 female patients with non-palpable breast lesions who then underwent surgery at Samsung Medical Center and Myongi Hospital between January 2018 and March 2019. This study was approved by the institutional review boards of Samsung Medical Center (IRB No. 2017–10-094) and Myongi Hospital (IRB No. 2018–08-005). All patients provided written informed consent.
There were 44 eligible patients who were sequentially assigned to the control group, Test Group 1, and Test Group 2 in a 1:1:1 ratio (Fig. 
The flow chart of enrollement (Pts:patients, OP:operation)
The Trial flow (
Photos for patient in control group (
Photos for patient in test group (
The primary objective of this trial was to evaluate the safety of ICG-hyaluronic acid injection for non-palpable breast lesion localization. We defined all the harmful reactions that occurred after injection or surgery as adverse events (AEs). The primary endpoint was the accuracy of resection, which was defined as the value of the largest diameter (cm) of the excised specimen divided by the greatest diameter (cm) observed on preoperative US assessment.
Secondary endpoints were the success rate of breast lesion marking, marking on the excised specimen, histopathological accuracy, and the presence or absence of pigmentation. The breast lesion marking rate was defined as the percentage of patients identified with localized target lesions for surgery. The excised specimen marking rate was defined as the percentage of patients whose excised specimens were observed as having been stained. The histopathological accuracy was defined as the value of the largest diameter (cm) of the histopathological lesion divided by the greatest diameter (cm) of the excised specimen. Skin pigmentation was defined when pigment remnants were visible on the skin after surgery.
Patients were eligible if they had non-palpable breast lesions that could be identified by breast US, were over 19 or under 80 years of age, and agreed to participate in the trial.
Patients were ineligible if they had palpable breast lesions, were under 19 or over 80 years of age, were pregnant, had skin disease (scleroderma or systemic lupus erythematosus, for example), had a history of radiotherapy, neoadjuvant therapy, inflammatory breast cancer, or and drug (charcoal, indocyanine green, hyaluronic acid). Among 50 patients who consented to participating in the trial, six were excluded because of withdrawal of consent, cancellation of surgery, or ineligibility.
The data in this study were analyzed for differences using the chi-square test or Fisher’s exact test. Differences in mean values were assessed using the Mann–Whitney U test. We used SPSS Statistics for Windows, version 19. 0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA). 
A total of 44 patients were eligible for this study. The control group had 14 patients and each test group had 15 patients. Table 
Baseline Characteristics of included Patients (total 44 patients)
None
Table 
The Accuracy of Resection (The primary end point) in all patients
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
Table 
Variables for Secondary End Points and Adverse Events in each Group
None
None
None
None
In this prospective study, we evaluated the efficacy and safety of ICG-hyaluronic acid as a novel agent for localizing non-palpable breast lesions. There were no AEs in any of the groups, and there were no significant intergroup differences in histopathological accuracy, breast lesion marking rates, or excised specimen marking rates. However, there were significant intergroup differences in resection accuracy and skin pigmentation rates.
Excised non-palpable lesions identified by localization could be larger than the excised palpable lesions. The accuracy of resection (the greatest diameter of the excised specimen divided by the greatest diameter of the preoperative lesion as detected by US) reflects the ratio of over-excision. Accuracy values closer to 1 reflect a concordance in size between the ultrasonographically defined lesion and the excised specimen. The mean accuracy value was 3.7 in control group, which was higher than the accuracy value in Test Group 1 and Test Group 2 (p = 0.037 and 0.026, respectively). These differences might have been because the injection dose of activated charcoal (0.3 to 1.0 mL) was much higher than that of the ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture (0.1 mL or 0.2 mL). If activated charcoal had been administered using the same dosage as the ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture, it would have been a proportional comparison. However, if ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture 0.3 to 1.0 mL had been used, localization would have been impossible because of the spread with blur. For the ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture injection, over 60 injections into tissue phantom models (pickle pieces in pork belly) were attempted to determine the appropriate doses and needle thicknesses. The radiologists were technically familiar with and aware of the agents used for localization. Before the implementation of this study, more than 500 breast lesion localizations with charcoal were performed annually at our center. Technical difficulties were not found in the injection of charcoal and ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture. Since a smaller resection could mean a better cosmetic result, the higher resection accuracy in the test groups relative to the control group could have reflected better cosmetic outcomes in the test groups.
Additionally, there was no difference in accuracy between Test Group 1 using 0.1 mL of ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture and Test Group 2 using 0.2 mL of ICG-hyaluronic acid (p = 0.744). Further, there were no differences in the breast lesion marking rates or excised specimen marking rates between the test groups. For localization, ICG-hyaluronic acid could be used at a dosage of either 0.1 mL or 0.2 mL.
The histopathological accuracy (the greatest diameter of the histopathological lesion divided by the greatest diameter of the excised specimen) is a unique variable in our study. Values closer to 1 reflected resections that more closely aligned with the actual histopathological lesions. There were nine cases for which histopathologic measurements were impossible; hence, the sample size was insufficient to assess efficacy in terms of this variable.
The greatest US-measured preoperative lesion diameters were mostly under 2 cm, but the longest diameter was 8 cm in one of the lesions in the control group that was later diagnosed as malignant. The diameter of the excised specimen depended on the histological result, not on the differences between the three groups, which reflects the tendency toward larger margins associated with the resection of malignant vs. benign lesions. If we analyzed only malignant lesions, we would have obtained more accurate results, but this was impossible with so few patients. Our patient group was heterogeneous because only benign lesions were included in the study, but hidden malignancies were discovered after surgery. In the future, we are planning a phase-3 clinical trial to evaluate positive margin rates among cancer patients.
In previous studies, tattooing has been used for various medical purposes [
Meanwhile, we have presented a new use for ICG-hyaluronic acid. ICG-hyaluronic acid had advantages over activated charcoal in that there was no skin pigmentation and less pain because of the smaller needle (21-gauge versus 18-gauge) used for ICG-hyaluronic acid injection. However, it had a disadvantage in that it could be visualized only via near-infrared fluorescence, so additional equipment was needed.
This study had several limitations. First, the sample size was small, and there was no long-term follow-up. Second, we used only diameter (cm) without volume (cm3 or mL), which better reflects resection margins [
This was a multicenter phase-2 clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ICG-hyaluronic acid mixture for localization relative to that of activated charcoal. ICG-hyaluronic acid injection was a new method for localization and useful for obtaining accurate resection as well as cosmetic benefits. Further research is required for the method to be widely used. We have studied a small number of patients with benign breast lesions, but we need to study a larger number of patients with malignant lesions to determine the accuracy and histopathological positive margin rate of this novel method compared with other localization methods. Further research about AEs or survival rates after long-term follow-up should be considered. In the future, we are planning a phase-3 clinical trial to evaluate positive margin rates among cancer patients.

Indocyanine green
Ultrasound
Endocardiogram
Mammography
Human chorionic gonadotropin
Examination
Adverse events
Preoperative
The indocyanine green retention rate at 15 min
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
This study was presented by poster at the 5
SWK, as a corresponding author, substantially contributed to the article as the conception and design of the work and manuscript revision. IK, as the first author, substantially contributed to the article as literature research, case collection and writing the manuscript. HJC, JMR, SKL, JHY, JEL, SJN and HJS were contributors in case collection and interpretation of data. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
This study was sponsored by Hanlim Pharm. Co., Ltd., a Korean pharmaceutical company dedicated to develop new medicine. They covered the cost of collecting data and stationers required. The funder has no role in analysis, interpretation and writing the manuscript.
The datasets used and analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
We declare that this study has obtained the report of ethics board approval and informed consent obtained from each participate has been written before surgery. The study was approved by the ethics committee of.
Samsung Medical Center (IRB No. 2017-10-094) and Myongi Hospital (IRB No. 2018-08-005).
All participants gave a written consent for their personal and clinical details.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Gastrointestinal complications and malnutrition are common problems that affect postoperative rehabilitation and survival of patients with esophageal cancer. Evidence has shown that probiotics have a positive effect on improving gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status of patients with esophageal cancer after surgery, but there is a lack of prospective studies on this topic. We designed this prospective randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of probiotics on gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status in patients with postoperative esophageal cancer.
This is a prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. It was approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee of our hospital. 192 patients will be randomly divided into probiotics group and the placebo group in a 1:1 ratio. After operation, probiotics and placebo will be given orally for 8 weeks. The indexes of nutritional status and incidence of digestive tract complications will be recorded and the data will be analyzed by SPSS 18.0 software.
This study will evaluate the effect of probiotics on gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status of postoperative patients with esophageal cancer. The results of this study will provide clinical basis for the use of probiotics in postoperative treatment of esophageal cancer.
OSF Registration number: D DOI 10.17605/OSF.IO/QHW86
As many as 80% of esophageal cancer patients are malnourished.
There are many kinds of colonizing bacteria in the human digestive tract, and these colonizing bacteria cluster together to form a colony.
Therefore, we will conduct a prospective randomized controlled study to analyze whether postoperative intake of probiotics in patients with esophageal cancer can reduce gastrointestinal complications and improve the nutritional status of patients.
This is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled prospective trial to study the effects of probiotics on gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status in postoperative patients with esophageal cancer. This scheme will be written according to the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials,
Flow diagram.
This protocol conforms to the Helsinki Declaration and has been approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee of our hospital. This experiment has already been registered (OSF)(registration number: DOI 10.17605/OSF.IO/QHW86). We will fully inform patients and their families about the potential risks of this study. Patients or their families are required to sign a written informed consent form. Patients are free to choose whether to continue the trial at any time during the study.
All patients underwent radical resection of esophageal cancer and were confirmed by postoperative pathology.
The patient has no cognitive impairment and can communicate normally.
Patients and their families voluntarily participated in the study and signed the informed consent form.
Previous history of gastrointestinal surgery, history of inflammatory enteritis and recurrence of esophageal cancer.
Those who suffer from severe metabolic diseases or who have developed severe cachexia.
Patients with severe liver, kidney, lung function diseases and immune system diseases.
Had a long history of hormone use before operation.
Patients who took probiotics by themselves before operation.
The sample size was calculated based on the score of serum albumin six weeks after surgery. According to the results of the pilot study, the score of the probiotics group was 37.94 ± 7.15 and that of the placebo group was 34.53 ± 5.29. Set α = 0.025, one-tailed, and 
We will screen patients who meet the criteria through pre-hospital recruitment and in-hospital inpatients. 192 patients will be included in this study. Patients will randomly select any number from 001 to 192 from a sealed envelope and are assigned to the probiotic group (group A) and placebo group (group B) according to the parity of the number. Probiotics and placebo are marked “A” and “B” respectively. The probiotics are Live Combined Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus and Enterococcus Powder (Shanghai Xinyi Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. National drug license S10970105, 1 g/bag), made up of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus acidophilus, Enterococcus faecalis. The number of living bacteria per gram is not less than 1.0 × 107CFU. The placebo is made of starch, and there is no difference in appearance and smell between them.
All the patients will be operated by the same operation team. There is no obvious anastomotic fistula which is confirmed by upper gastrointestinal radiography after the operation. They can start eating. On the advice of the dietitian, the patients in the two groups will be given a liquid diet and gradually transferred to a semi-fluid diet to a normal diet. To ensure that antibiotics given after surgery do not interfere with the results of the study, patients will start taking probiotics or a placebo two weeks after surgery. The dose is 2 bags per time, 3 times a day, and infused with warm water for 8 weeks.
Nutritional status index: fasting venous blood will be taken from the two groups at 2 week, 6 weeks after operation and at the end of treatment to detect hemoglobin (Hb), serum albumin, prealbumin and total lymphocyte count, and to measure the height and weight of the two groups at two time points. Calculate body mass index, body mass index normal value > 20.0–25.0 kg/m
Complication index: anorexia, acid regurgitation, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea (≥3 times/d), pulmonary infection, incision infection and anastomotic leakage will be recorded during the study period.
The patients are followed up by telephone for 30 days after treatment by two assistants, and the data will be collected and recorded. The relevant information and data of this study will be collected, shared and stored in a separate storeroom to protect the confidentiality before, during and after the test. People outside this research group do not have access to relevant data.
The collected data are statistically analyzed by SPSS 18.0 software. The counting data use the chi-square test; measurement data use the mean ± standard deviation (
After operation, the gastrointestinal tract of patients with esophageal cancer is mostly in a state of hypodynamic, and up to 50% of patients will have disturbance of gastric emptying, gastric dumping syndrome, dysphagia and other phenomena, which can lead to enteral nutritional intolerance, adverse reactions such as reflux, vomiting, abdominal distension, constipation, diarrhea, and even serious complications such as aspiration pneumonia and severe malnutrition.
Some studies have pointed out that probiotics can maintain the balance of intestinal flora, reduce ectopic flora and endotoxin into the blood,
The regionalization of the study population and short follow-up time are the shortcomings of this study program. Therefore, more multi-center and long-term follow-up studies are needed to determine the effects of probiotics on postoperative patients with esophageal cancer.
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
Abbreviations: ALB = serum albumin, BMI = body mass index, CONSORT = Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials, Hb = hemoglobin, RCT = Randomized controlled trial, TLC = prealbumin and total lymphocyte count.
How to cite this article: Liu C, Yang J, Dong W, Yuan J. Effects of probiotics on gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status of postoperative patients with esophageal cancer: a protocol of randomized controlled trial. 
This work was supported by the Baoding science and technology research and development project (No. 1951ZF021).
Informed consent has been obtained from the patient and approval has been obtained from the ethics committee.
This study has been approved by the Ethics committee.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study.
Patients with polymetastatic cancer are most often treated with systemic therapy to improve overall survival and/or delay progression, with palliative radiotherapy reserved for sites of symptomatic disease. Stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR) has shown promise in the treatment of oligometastatic disease, but the utility of SABR in treating all sites of polymetastatic disease has yet to be evaluated. This study aims to evaluate the maximally tolerated dose (MTD) of SABR in patients with polymetastatic disease.
Up to 48 patients with polymetastatic cancer (> 10 sites) will be enrolled on this phase I, modified 3 + 3 design trial. Eligible patients will have exhausted (or refused) standard systemic therapy options. SABR will be delivered as an escalating number of weekly fractions of 6 Gy, starting at 6 Gy × 2 weekly fractions (dose level 1). The highest dose level (dose level 4) will be 6 Gy × 5 weekly fractions. Feasibility and safety of SABR will be evaluated 6 weeks following treatment using a composite endpoint of successfully completing treatment as well as toxicity outcomes.
This study will be the first to explore delivering SABR in patients with polymetastatic disease. SABR will be planned using the guiding principles of: strict adherence to dose constraints, minimization of treatment burden, and minimization of toxicity. As this represents a novel use of radiotherapy, our phase I study will allow for careful selection of the MTD for exploration in future studies.
This trial was prospectively registered in 
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s12885-021-08020-2.
In patients who have metastatic cancer, cancer which has spread beyond the primary site to other distant sites in the body [
The traditional role of radiotherapy in patients who have metastatic cancer has been for palliation of symptomatic metastases where systemic therapy does not penetrate (i.e. brain metastases) [
Recent studies have examined a subset of patients with metastatic cancer who have a limited burden of metastatic disease, known as oligometastatic cancer. The oligometastatic state is best defined as a stage of disease where a cancer has spread beyond the primary tumour to a limited number of sites, but is not yet widely metastatic [
Recent randomized trials have reported improvements in progression-free and overall survival with aggressive treatments directed at oligometastases [
In contrast to the oligometastatic state, the polymetastatic state exists beyond the oligometastatic state, where widespread dissemination of metastatic cancer has occurred (i.e. non-oligometastatic, > 10 sites of metastases) [
As a single modality, radiotherapy is associated with higher response rates compared to most systemic therapies given with palliative intent [
The toxicity of SABR may depend primarily on the doses of radiotherapy delivered to organs at risk, rather than the number of metastatic sites treated [
Given the rationale behind expansion of the oligometastatic paradigm (i.e. with the COMET-10 trial), we believe it is reasonable to postulate that the benefits of stereotactic radiotherapy may be independent of lesion number provided the treatment can be performed without excess radiation related toxicity. In this modified phase I dose escalation trial, we will test the hypothesis that SABR can be safely delivered to all sites of polymetastatic (> 10 lesions) cancer in patients for whom standard of care systemic therapies have been exhausted (or if additional systemic therapy is refused) to determine the maximally tolerated dose (MTD).
The objective of this trial is to assess the safety and feasibility of delivering SABR to patients with polymetastatic cancer (greater than 10 sites of disease) by establishing the MTD of SABR when given at 6 Gy per fraction.
This is a modified 3 + 3 design Phase I dose escalation trial. Participants will be from a single tertiary academic radiotherapy department in Canada. Three patients will initially be treated at dose level 1, 12 Gy in 2 fractions over 2 weeks, with evaluation of toxicity occurring 6 weeks after completion of treatment. If the composite co-primary endpoints are met, subsequent dose escalations will be accomplished by increasing the number of 6 Gy weekly fractions up to a maximum dose level of 30 Gy in 5 fractions over 5 weeks (Fig. 
Schema of the ARREST clinical trial. The initial dose level will be 6 Gy in 2 weekly fractions, with subsequent dose escalations to be achieved by increasing the number of weekly fractions for each dose level until the maximum dose level of 6Gy in 5 weekly fractions is achieved. DLT will be assessed 6 weeks after completion of radiotherapy
For a given patient, safety of treatment at a given dose level will be determined by meeting all of the following criteria:

The patient successfully receives all treatment at the assigned dose level
No Grade 5 toxicity (patient death) attributable to treatment occurs.
No Grade 4 toxicity (CTCAE v4.0) at the 6-week assessment among hematologic, cardiac, hepatobiliary or respiratory domains.
No more than three instances of Grade 3–4 toxicities among other domains.


The patient is successfully able to be planned at the assigned dose level.
Quality of life, assessed with the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy: General (FACT-G) and the EuroQol 5 Dimension, 5 Level (EQ-5D-5L)
Time to development of new metastatic lesions
Progression-free survival, defined as time from randomization to disease progression at any site or death
Overall survival, defined as time from randomization to death from any cause


Age 18 or older
Willing and able to provide informed consent
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status 0–2
Life expectancy > 3 months
Histologically confirmed malignancy with metastatic disease detected on imaging. A biopsy of a metastatic site is preferred, but not required
Presence of polymetastatic disease, defined as total number of lesions greater than 10
No standard of care systemic therapy option exists for the patient, the patient refuses further standard systemic therapy, or there is no intent to deliver systemic therapy for 3 months after enrollment
At the discretion of the treating oncologist, it is believed that all sites of disease can be safely planned and treated


Serious medical comorbidities precluding radiotherapy. These include interstitial lung disease in patients receiving lung radiotherapy, Chron’s disease in patients where the gastrointestinal tract will receive radiotherapy, ulcerative colitis where the bowel will receive radiotherapy, or connective tissue disorders such as lupus or scleroderma.
For patients with liver metastases, moderate/severe liver dysfunction (Child Pugh B or C)
Inadequate baseline bone marrow function (i.e. symptomatic anemia, neutropenia and/or thrombocytopenia which may interfere with the ability to deliver radiotherapy)
Chronic kidney dysfunction (eGFR less than 30) where a significant dose of radiation is expected to be delivered to the kidneys.
Substantial overlap with a previously treated radiation volume. Prior radiotherapy in general is allowed, as long as the composite plan meets dose constraints herein. For patients treated with radiation previously, biologically effective dose calculations should be used to equate previous doses to the tolerances doses listed in Additional file 
Prior treatment with systemic radiopharmaceuticals (i.e. Radium-223 or Lutetium-177)
Any single lesion greater than 5 cm in size.
More than 50 metastases (count excluding equivocal lesions < 5 mm in size)
Any brain metastasis greater than 3 cm in size, or a total volume of brain metastases greater than 30 cc.
Polymetastatic cancer limited to the brain.
Brainstem metastases.
Evidence of epidural disease on baseline imaging.
Clinical or radiologic evidence of spinal cord compression.
Dominant brain metastasis requiring surgical decompression.
Inability to treat all sites of disease, which may include disease involving the gastrointestinal tract, mesenteric lymph nodes, or skin. This may also include diffuse/miliary metastatic disease (i.e. brain, bone, lung, liver) or other sites where it would be impossible to deliver radiotherapy at the intended dose level (i.e. lymphangitic spread, malignancy pleural effusion/ascites, leptomeningeal metastases).
Systemic therapy use 2 weeks prior to radiotherapy delivery.
Pregnant or lactating women.


History and Physical examination, including prior cancer therapies.
Restaging within 6 weeks prior to enrolment:
Brain: CT or MRI for tumour sites with propensity for brain metastases. All patients with brain metastases (at enrolment or previously treated) require an MRI of the brain.
Body: CT neck/chest/abdomen/pelvis and bone scan is required. This may be replaced or supplemented with an appropriate PET/CT (i.e. 18-FDG or PSMA) for tumours where uptake is expected.
Additional imaging as clinically indicated
Complete blood count (Hemoglobin, white blood cell count, absolute neutrophil count, platelets).
Creatinine
Liver function tests (AST, ALT, GGT, alkaline phosphatase), albumin, bilirubin and INR for patients with liver metastases.
Pregnancy test for women of child-bearing age.
Completion of FACT-G and EQ-5D-5L quality of life forms.
Radiotherapy treatment plan has been reviewed by a physicist or radiation oncologist.
All study data will be entered electronically into REDCap. Any de-identified source documents may be uploaded directly into REDCap for data entry and analysis.
SABR in will be delivered with three major guiding principles:

None
None
None
The fraction size throughout the study will remain at 6 Gy per fraction with dose constraints as outlined in Additional file 
Dose level 0: 6Gy × 1 fraction to all sites in 1 week.
Dose level 1: 6Gy × 2 fractions to all sites in 2 weeks.
Dose level 2: 6Gy × 3 fractions to all sites in 3 weeks.
Dose level 3: 6Gy × 4 fractions to all sites in 4 weeks.
Dose level 4: 6Gy × 5 fractions to all sites in 5 weeks.
If treatment at the accrued dose level cannot be planned safely, then the next lowest dose level will be attempted to be planned and delivered to the patient if it can meet organ at risk (OAR) constraints and target coverage goals. For example, if radiation cannot safely be planned at dose level 1, then dose level 0 will be attempted to be planned. For higher dose levels, multiple de-escalations can be planned until a dosimetrically safe plan is generated.
The maximum number of targets will be 50, excluding indeterminate lesions. For patients with lymph node metastases, a targetable lesion will be considered as a lymph node > 10 mm in short axis or with radiographic features strongly suspicious for metastatic involvement (i.e. presence of necrosis, uptake of radiotracer in PET). Lung metastases will be considered for treatment when the short axis is > 8 mm or radiographic features are strongly suspicious for metastatic involvement (i.e. uptake of radiotracer in PET).
Targets which have previously been treated with ablative or palliative therapies (i.e. SABR, palliative radiotherapy, radiofrequency ablation, or surgery) shall not be counted unless there is unequivocal progression on baseline imaging.
Patients who have small indeterminate nodules (i.e. a 3 mm lung nodule) will not have these lesions count towards the number of target lesions and will not be targeted with SABR.
Patients will be simulated using a fast helical CT scan through the entire body, at minimum vertex of the skull to the mid femur. If there is disease below the lesser trochanter, a separate CT simulation of the lower extremities (from the top of femoral head to the bottom of the feet) will be used for treatment planning. Immobilization will be with a thermoplastic shell with arms down, a position that has been shown to be safe for lung radiotherapy [
An additional 4D-CT scan is mandatory for targets within the thorax and upper abdomen. Where indicated and tolerable, gating (preferably with a wide duty cycle) or deep inspiration breath hold will be utilized for respiratory motion management in the thorax and upper abdomen. In cases where gating or DIBH are not tolerable, a free breathing delivery will be utilized with appropriate internal target volume (ITV) margins to account for respiratory movement.
The number of isocentres should be kept to a minimum, and it is suggested to utilize a single isocentre per body region whenever possible using volumetric modulated arc therapy (VMAT) or intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) to allow simultaneous treatment of multiple lesions. However, treatment using multiple isocentres is permitted with a limit of three isocentres per treatment day (nine per fraction) if needed for optimal target coverage.
The gross tumor volume (GTV) will be defined as the visible tumor on imaging for all lesions. No additional margin will be added for microscopic spread of disease (i.e. Clinical Target Volume (CTV) = GTV), including for vertebral body metastases. For targets expected to be impacted by respiratory motion, an ITV may be created. The Planning Target Volume (PTV) will be between 2 mm and 5 mm depending on the site of disease, immobilization and set-up accuracy.
Treatment planning will be performed using the fast helical CT simulation scan, with all OARs contoured. If needed, the 4D dataset may be used for planning tumours in the thorax and abdomen (using the untagged or a subset average depending on the motion assessment). Dose constraints may not be exceeded under any circumstance. There is no prespecified conformity index to be used. No hot spots (> 115%) are allowed outside of the PTV, and hot spots greater than 115% are only permitted with an exemption from the study principal investigator.
The target coverage goals are listed in Table 
Target coverage goals for the gross tumour volume (GTV) and planning target volume (PTV) on the ARREST clinical trial
1. Failure to meet dose constraints listed in Additional file 
2. Not being able to meet minimum “Acceptable” coverage for every lesion i.e.
3. < 90% of lesions meet the “Goal” target coverage criteria
Each patient will have their treatment plan peer-reviewed by another radiation oncologist or at quality assurance rounds. The dose to each organ at risk must be verified by the treating physician or physicist to ensure doses to OARs are within acceptable limits. Dose delivery for VMAT or IMRT treatment plans will be confirmed prior to treatment by medical physics.
Given the large volume irradiated, pre-treatment with anti-emetics is mandatory for all patients on this study. The preferred treatment regimen will be ondansetron 8 mg 1–2 h prior to each radiotherapy fraction.
Patients are required to have bloodwork demonstrating adequate bone marrow function prior to delivery of the second fraction of radiotherapy, and every fraction thereafter. It is suggested this bloodwork be taken either after the last treatment of the previous level or on the first day of the next dose level, and reviewed by the treating oncologist prior to delivery of the next dose level of radiotherapy treatments. One repeat draw of bloodwork is permitted if the bloodwork values are just below the thresholds listed below. Criteria for stopping radiotherapy due to concerns of inadequate bone marrow function will be: CTCAE grade 3 anemia (hemoglobin less than 80 or symptomatic requiring a transfusion); CTCAE grade 3 thrombocytopenia (platelets less than 50), CTCAE grade 3 neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count less than 1).
Patients are not allowed to receive cytotoxic, immunotherapeutic or molecularly targeted agents within a time period commencing 2 weeks prior to initiation of radiotherapy until 6 weeks after completion of therapy. Patients on conventional hormone therapy (i.e. anti-estrogen or anti-testosterone therapy) may continue these medications.
Written, informed consent will be obtained from all participants prior to enrolment. A sample informed consent from may be viewed in Additional file 
Subjects may voluntarily withdraw from study participation at any time. If a subject is removed from the study, an attempt should be made to obtain laboratory and clinical evaluations that would have been obtained at the completion of the study. If the subject is removed because of an adverse event, they should remain under medical care and observation by their treating physician as long as appropriate.
Patient will be seen 6 weeks post treatment to evaluate short-term treatment toxicity. If patients cannot travel for this visit (or refuse to travel), an attempt will be made to contact the patient by phone to complete follow-up information. It must be documented if follow-up information is being gathered by telephone. The FACT-G and EQ-5D-5L quality of life questionnaire will be completed at that visit. Further follow-up will be according to physician discretion; a recommended frequency would be every 3 months at minimum. Follow-up investigations will be at the physician’s discretion. While routine reimaging is not required, a follow-up CT of the head, chest, abdomen, and pelvis at 3 months post-treatment or at the time of symptomatic progression is suggested.
A minimum of 3 patients will be accrued. Assuming a worst case scenario where the maximum number of patients accrued cannot be planned and require additional enrolment, a maximum of 48 patients will be accrued to this Phase I dose escalation study (12 per dose level).
For a given dose level, toxicity as DLT will be assessed after three patients have been treated at a given dose level at the 6-week assessment post treatment. If all three patients meet the co-primary safety endpoint, escalation to the next dose level will occur. If two or three patients fail the co-primary safety endpoint, the MTD will be determined as the dose level preceding the failed dose level. If one patient fails the co-primary safety endpoint, an additional three patients will be accrued at that dose level. If one or more of these additional three patients fail the co-primary safety endpoint, the MTD will be determined as the dose level preceding the failed dose level. If all three additional patients meet the co-primary safety endpoint (i.e. a cumulative five of six patients pass the co-primary safety endpoint), dose escalation to the next level will occur. All patients at a given dose level must be assessed for 6-week toxicity before escalation to the next dose level can occur.
Treatment planning futility will be considered if less than 33% of the patients (to a maximum of 9 patients) at a specific dose level can successfully have a treatment plan generated for that dose level meeting organ at risk constraints. If treatment planning futility is encountered, the MTD will be considered as the dose level preceding the failed dose level.
Descriptive statistics will be used to characterize the patient demographics on the study, distribution of lesions treated and dosimetric parameters of the treatments and toxicity experienced at 6 weeks. Progression free survival will be tracked and reported using Kaplan Meier statistics. Changes in QOL will be reported as the minimal clinically important change comparing pre and post treatment scores by patient.
The DSMC will meet annually after study initiation to review toxicity. The DSMC will review the chart of any case of grade 4–5 toxicity to determine if such toxicity is related to treatment. If the DSMC deems that toxicity rates are excessive (> 40% grade 4 toxicity, or any grade 5 toxicity), then the DSMC can, at its discretion, recommend cessation of the trial, dose adjustment, or exclusion of certain treatment sites and/or delivery techniques that are deemed as high-risk for complications.
All study participant personal health information will be kept strictly confidential. All participants will be identified using initials and a unique identification number. The master list (confidential subject identification list) linking participants to their unique identification number will be kept strictly confidential by the principal investigator. Public reports of the study will not contain any names of participants.
The trial protocol will be amended only through approval by the principal investigator (current version: 1.0, protocol date July 28, 2020). It will be the responsibility of the principal investigator to disseminate amendments to co-investigators, the research ethics board and trial registries. Authorship of the trial abstract and manuscript will be decided by the principal investigator at the time of submission.
This novel phase I trial seeks to investigate the MTD of SABR delivered to patients with polymetastatic cancer who have exhausted (or refused further standard of care) systemic therapy options. We believe that initial evaluation with a rigorous phase I trial is necessary to determine what treatment dose can be safely considered in patients with polymetastatic cancer prior to embarking on evaluation of the potential efficacy of this treatment modality.
Precedent for the treatment of extensive metastatic disease with radiotherapy exists in the experience of using hemi-body radiotherapy for palliation of diffuse bone metastases [
Further rationale for exploring SABR in the polymetastatic setting comes from emerging randomized evidence that supports aggressive radiotherapy to the primary tumour, either with SABR or conventional (chemo) radiation in patients newly diagnosed with polymetastatic prostate [
In designing this trial, we chose to evaluate dose levels in incremental fractions of 6 Gy for several reasons. First, this dose level represents familiarity in the context of hemi-body radiotherapy. While hemi-body radiotherapy has fallen out of favour due to enhancements in systemic therapy and improvements in radiopharmaceuticals, the experience of using this technique serves as the rationale behind using 6 Gy fractions of SABR. The starting dose of 12 Gy in 2 weekly fractions should also be expected to offer palliation of symptomatic metastases. Second, by escalating the number of fractions but keeping the dose per fraction consistent, an optimal radiotherapy treatment plan can be generated for the target dose level. If this optimal treatment plan does not to meet dose constraints at the target dose level, the number of fractions can be easily decreased without needing to generate a new radiotherapy plan. This allows for increased efficiency of workflow in a setting where we anticipate treatment plan generation will be resource intensive and time consuming. Third, delivering the fractions once per week allows for careful evaluation of potential, unanticipated toxicity during treatment. For example, we are carefully evaluating for the possibility of bone marrow suppression due to SABR, particularly in our chosen patient population who have exhausted (or refuse) further lines of systemic therapy and may have pre-existing myelosuppression. Finally, while the doses of SABR within this trial would not typically be considered below truly ablative doses, we believe the maximum dose level will strike an acceptable balance between anticipated efficacy, treatment intent, and potential toxicity.
Our study population was carefully considered for creation of this novel phase I trial. We chose to evaluate a subset of patients where systemic therapy use at the time of SABR is unlikely to interfere acutely with the evaluation of the MTD, as no standard systemic therapy options are available (or are refused by the patient). It is also unlikely that any toxicity from SABR in this study would interfere with the possibility of receiving subsequent systemic therapy that may become available or the patient chooses to access. However, patients enrolled on this study are expected to have been heavily pretreated with systemic therapy, which may influence secondary endpoints in our trial such as progression-free survival and overall survival. Some have argued phase I trials should be offered earlier in the treatment pathway for patients [
ARREST is a novel phase I trial leveraging the availability of modern image guided radiotherapy for the treatment of polymetastatic disease. Such treatment, if shown to be safe and tolerable, may provide additional treatment options for patients with extensive metastases who are ineligible or unwilling to undertake palliative systemic therapies.


None
None
18-flurodeoxyglucose
Four-dimensional computed tomography
Alanine aminotransferase
Aspartate aminotransferase
Computed tomography
Common toxicity criteria for adverse events
Clinical target volume
Estimated glomerular filtration rate
EuroQol 5 Dimension, 5 Level
Functional assessment of cancer therapy: general
Gamma glutamyl transpeptidase
Gross tumour volume
Intensity modulated radiotherapy
International normalized ratio
Internal target volume
Magnetic resonance imaging
Maximally tolerated dose
Prostate specific membrane antigen
Planning target volume
Stereotactic ablative radiotherapy
Volumetric modulated arc therapy
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
None.
None
Initial draft of the protocol: GSB, MC, DAP, HF. Revision of protocol: GSB, MC, HF, TKN, DAP. Final approval of manuscript: GSB, MC, HF, TKN, DAP. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
This study is being funded through grant funding awarded to DAP from the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research and local research funds from the London Health Sciences Centre Department of Oncology. The funding body has no role in study design, collection, analysis, interpretation of data or writing the manuscript.
Not applicable.
Ethics approval has been obtained from the Western University Health Sciences Research Ethics Board (#116595). Individual study participants will provide written informed consent to participate in the study. A sample consent form is available in Additional file 
Not applicable.
The authors of this manuscript declare that they have no competing interests.
The primary objective is to demonstrate that, in patients with PCR-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 resulting in Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS), administration of 120mg/kg of body weight of intravenous Prolastin®(plasma-purified alpha-1 antitrypsin) reduces circulating plasma levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6). Secondary objectives are to determine the effects of intravenous Prolastin® on important clinical outcomes including the incidence of adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs).
Phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, pilot trial.
The study will be conducted in Intensive Care Units in hospitals across Ireland. Patients with a laboratory-confirmed diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2-infection, moderate to severe ARDS (meeting Berlin criteria for a diagnosis of ARDS with a PaO
Intervention: Either a once weekly intravenous infusion of Prolastin® at 120mg/kg of body weight for 4 weeks or a single dose of Prolastin® at 120mg/kg of body weight intravenously followed by once weekly intravenous infusion of an equal volume of 0.9% sodium chloride for a further 3 weeks. Comparator (placebo): An equal volume of 0.9% sodium chloride intravenously once per week for four weeks.
The primary effectiveness outcome measure is the change in plasma concentration of IL-6 at 7 days as measured by ELISA. Secondary outcomes include: safety and tolerability of Prolastin® in the respective groups (as defined by the number of SAEs and AEs); PaO
Following informed consent/assent patients will be randomised. The randomisation lists will be prepared by the study statistician and given to the unblinded trial personnel. However, the statistician will not be exposed to how the planned treatment will be allocated to the treatment codes. Randomisation will be conducted in a 1:1:1 ratio, stratified by site and age.
The investigator, treating physician, other members of the site research team and patients will be blinded to treatment allocation. The clinical trial pharmacy personnel and research nurses will be unblinded to facilitate intervention and placebo preparation. The unblinded individuals will keep the treatment information confidential. The infusion bag will be masked at the time of preparation and will be administered via a masked infusion set to maintain blinding.
A total of 36 patients will be recruited and randomised in a 1:1:1 ratio to each of the trial arms.
In March 2020, version 1.0 of the trial protocol was submitted to the local research ethics committee (REC), Health Research Consent Declaration Committee (HRCDC) and the Health Products regulatory Authority (HPRA). REC approval was granted on April 1
EudraCT 2020-001391-15 (Registered 31 Mar 2020).
The full protocol (version 3.0 23.11.2020) is attached as an additional file accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 
The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s13063-021-05254-0.


None
None
None
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Noel G. McElvaney and Gerard F. Curley are joint senior authors.
Not applicable.
Authors GFC, NGMcE, NLMcE, OJMcE, FB conceptualized the study. All authors made a substantial contribution to the protocol development. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Grifols provided the investigational medicinal product and funded the cost of trial insurance. Grifols had no role in the design of the study, the collection, analysis or interpretation of data or the preparation of the manuscript.
The datasets generated and/or analysed during the current study are not publicly available due to relevant data protection laws but may be available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
Ethical approval was obtained from the Beaumont Hospital Ethics Committee (Reference 
Not applicable.
The authors declare they have no competing interests.
The incidence of malnutrition in patients with esophageal cancer is high, which seriously affects the therapeutic effect and quality of life. Oral nutritional supplement is the first choice of nutritional support recommended by current guidelines, which can supplement the lack of energy and protein in patients with esophageal cancer, improve nutritional status and improve the quality of life, but there are few clinical studies. Therefore, the purpose of this randomized controlled trial is to evaluate the effect of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer treated undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
This is a prospective randomized controlled trial to study the effects of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy. This study is approved by the Clinical Research Society of our hospital. Patients will be randomly divided into ONS group and traditional diet group. The nutritional status, quality of life score and adverse reactions will be observed before and after radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The data will be analyzed by SPSS 16.0.
This study will evaluate the effect of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life of patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The results of this experiment will establish clinical evidence for the application of oral nutritional supplement therapy in patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy.
DOI 10.17605/OSF.IO/9ZW34.
About 40% to 80% of patients with malignant tumors have nutrition-related problems, which are more common in patients with head and neck tumors and digestive tract tumors,
The 2006 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism (ESPEN) guidelines unify the English full name of ONS as “oral nutritional supplements” and define it as "supplementary oral intake of foods for special medical uses (formulations) in addition to normal foods.
This is a prospective RCT to study the effect of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy. We followed the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) guidelines for reporting randomized trials and provided a CONSORT flow diagram (Fig. 
Flow diagram.
This protocol is in line with the Helsinki Declaration and approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee of our hospital. This experiment has been registered in the open science framework (OSF) (registration number: DOI 10.17605/OSF.IO/9ZW34). Before randomization, all patients will sign a written informed consent. and they can freely choose whether to continue the trial at any time.
Inclusion criteria:
patients were diagnosed as esophageal cancer, without contraindications of radiotherapy and chemotherapy, planned for radiotherapy and chemotherapy;
conscious, able to eat by mouth, volunteer to participate in this clinical study;
Nutritional Risk Screening score ≥ 3 (NRS 2002).
Exclusion criteria:
patients with unstable vital signs;
patients with severe stress state, intractable vomiting, and severe diarrhea;
patients with severe malabsorption syndrome;
patients with mental or consciousness disorders that could not communicate;
unable to understand the study plan or unwilling participants after explanation.
This study will be randomized into groups without any stratification. Through simple randomization, the patients in the study will be divided into the observation group and the control group according to the 1:1 ratio. Due to the limitation of the intervention in this study, this study cannot achieve strict double-blindness. We will ensure that the study designer, allocators, data analysts, intervention supervisors, and some researchers are blind to personnel allocation.
This study is a pilot clinical trial. The calculation of the sample size is based on the withdrawal rate of 20% in the clinical study, taking 
After the beginning of the study, dietitians will give one-to-one nutrition education to the two groups of patients once a week, investigate the results of patients’ dietary intake, give nutritional guidance and formulate dietary recipes according to different conditions, and issue a diet guidance sheet for cancer patients at the same time.
In this study, patients in the control group will not be given ONS supplement. We will set up the Nutrition Support Steam to provide comprehensive nutritional care for patients in the experimental group,
The related indexes of the 2 groups will be detected before and after radiotherapy and chemotherapy, and the relevant data will be recorded.
Energy intake: the dietitian uses the 24 hours retrospective method to conduct a dietary survey once a week, including the type and quantity of diet. The daily energy intake is calculated according to the Chinese Food composition Table 2002, and the body mass is measured once a week.
Hematological determination: the levels of leukocyte, hemoglobin, platelet, total protein, albumin, prealbumin, and transferrin were detected after fasting venous blood collection.
Quality of life assessment: SF-36 score (the MOS item short from health survey).
Adverse reactions: The evaluation of adverse reactions refers to the Evaluation criteria of Common adverse events of the National Cancer Institute of the United States.
Nutrition intervention will run through the whole process of radiotherapy and chemotherapy. According to the outcome indicators, the data before radiotherapy and chemotherapy, every two weeks after the beginning of radiotherapy and chemotherapy, and after radiotherapy and chemotherapy are collected. All data will be collected by an assistant, and recorded in detail in the predesigned table. All the research data will be stored in a separate window, and only the researchers of this research group can access the relevant research data.
The data will be statistically analyzed by SPSS 16.0. The counting data will be expressed by rate, 
Nutritional support has become an important part of tumor treatment. Ideal nutritional support should be based on the accurate assessment of the nutritional status of patients. ONS is a kind of nutrition supplement for special medical purpose, which can increase the intake of energy and nutrients. It is economical, convenient and easy to be accepted by patients.
Radiation esophagitis, dysphagia, and pain often occur in patients with esophageal cancer after radiotherapy, and malnutrition affects the course of treatment.
Although studies have confirmed that ONS can supplement the lack of energy and protein in patients with esophageal cancer, maintain and increase the weight of patients, improve nutritional status, and improve the quality of life,
This study also has the following limitations: due to the factors of intervention, researchers and patients cannot strictly achieve double-blind, there may be a certain bias; there is a regional population included in this study, which may have a certain impact on the results.
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
Abbreviations: Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials, ESPEN = European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism, ONS = oral nutrition supplement, RCT = randomized controlled trial, SF-36 = 36-item Short From.
How to cite this article: Chen Y, Wu X, Wei X, Xu L, Ren X. The effect of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy: a protocol for randomized controlled trial. 
Informed consent has been obtained from the patient and approval has been obtained from the ethics committee.
This study has been approved by the Ethics committee.
This work is supported by the Project of Nanjing Health Commission (No. YKK17104).
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study.
We obtained approval for this study from the Ethics Committee of Yokohama City University Hospital on December 22, 2016. The protocol and informed consent form were approved by the institutional ethics committee at Yokohama City University Hospital. Written informed consent for participation in the study will be obtained from all participating patients.
The study protocol complies with the Declaration of Helsinki [
 
The study protocol and informed consent were approved by the ethics committees of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Jiangsu Province and the Cancer Foundation of China. Before the study-specific procedures, written informed consent was obtained from each participant.
Women included in the present evaluation were the participants who underwent excision treatment at baseline and the follow-up period in a phase II/III, double-blind, randomized trial conducted in Jiangsu province (Binhai, Jintan, Lianshui and Xuzhou CDCs), China. In this trial, women aged 18–25 years were randomized (1:1) to receive HPV-16/18 AS04-adjuvanted vaccine(
 
This trial is fully approved by the Data Protection Agency: P-2019-637. The trial is exempt from approval by the National Committee on Health Ethics Research (
  
The trial is registered at 
  
Participants will be informed that they consent to participate when answering the REDcap questionnaires. Participants will be informed that they can withdraw their consent and discontinue their participation at any time.
This clinical trial will be carried out in accordance with the ethical principles of the most recent revision of the Declaration of Helsinki and current legislation. The original and revised versions of the protocol, information sheet and informed consent form have been approved by the clinical research ethics committee (CREC) of University Hospital La Princesa and the Spanish Agency of Medicines and Medical Devices (AEMPS) (approval of the latest version being granted on 28 August 2020, reference number: 17092020_08400, locator: QFSS36Q6C5). For further information, the following link to the public listing of the ethical approval is available: 
  
The researchers will be in charge of providing each patient or their legal representative with the patient information sheet and informed consent form. Individuals participating in the trial or their legal representative will be asked to sign and date the informed consent form prior to inclusion in the study, that is, before the performance of any intervention.
The aim of this study is to assess the effectiveness and safety of glucocorticoid infusion pulse therapy to improve the clinical outcomes of patients with COVID-19 pneumonia with elevated inflammatory biomarkers.
A parallel-group quadruple-blind (participant, intervention provider, outcome assessor and data manager), randomised controlled trial.
All patients admitted to hospital due to COVID-19 pneumonia will be considered eligible. Potential candidates will be identified and consecutively included in the emergency room or in the COVID-19 admission wards of two hospitals in Spain: Complejo Hospitalario de Navarra (Pamplona) and Hospital Moisès Broggi (Sant Joan Despí, Barcelona).
Inclusion criteria are: 1) age ≥18 years old; 2) diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 pneumonia confirmed by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) of nasopharyngeal swabs or sputum in accordance with the recommendations of the Spanish Ministry of Health; 3) history of symptoms compatible with COVID-19 ≥7 days; 4) hospital admission; 5) at least one of the following: C-reactive protein (CRP) >60 mg/dL, interleukin-6 (IL-6) >40 pg/mL, and/or ferritin >1000 μg/L; and 6) provision of informed consent.
Exclusion criteria are: 1) allergy or contraindication to any of the drugs under study; 2) oxygen saturation (SpO
   
Eligible patients will be randomised to receive standard of care plus methylprednisolone (intervention group) or standard of care plus placebo (control group). 
   
Intervention group: standard of care at the discretion of the researcher, including lopinavir/ritonavir (200/50 mg, 2 tablets twice daily, per os, for 7 to 14 days) ± remdesivir (a single intravenous loading dose of 200 mg on day 1 followed by once-daily intravenous maintenance doses of 100 mg from day 2 to 5), or no drug treatment, + methylprednisolone (once-daily intravenous infusion of 120 mg on days 1, 2 and 3).
Control group: standard of care at the discretion of the researcher, including lopinavir/ritonavir (200/50 mg, 2 tablets every 12 hours, per os, for 7 to 14 days) ± remdesivir (a single intravenous loading dose of 200 mg on day 1 followed by once-daily intravenous maintenance doses of 100 mg from day 2 to 5), or no drug treatment, + placebo (once-daily intravenous infusion of 100 mL of 0.9% saline on days 1, 2 and 3).
The primary outcome is the proportion of patients with treatment failure at 14 days after randomisation, defined as: 1) death, 2) need for admission to an intensive care unit (ICU), 3) initiation of mechanical ventilation, 4) SpO
   
Treatment will be allocated by block randomisation stratified by patient age (< or ≥ 75 years of age). For this purpose, we will use the R randomizeR package using two block sizes (4 and 6) with random permutation. The randomisation sequence will be generated by a unit (the Navarrabiomed Clinical Trials Platform) independent from the researchers who will recruit patients and implement the protocol.
The study will be quadruple-blinded, specifically, with blinding of patients, intervention providers, outcome assessors and data managers. The pharmacy at each participating hospital will prepare indistinguishable bags of methylprednisolone or placebo (0.9% saline) for patients of the experimental and placebo groups, respectively.
The percentage of patients with treatment failure (primary endpoint) is currently unknown. Assuming an absolute difference of 25% in the primary outcome between the two groups (35% in the control group and 10% in the intervention group), we estimate that 60 patients (30 per group) are required to detect this difference with a two-tailed type I error of 0.05 and a type II error of 0.2. Estimating a loss to follow-up of 20%, we should recruit a total sample size of 72 patients (36 per group).
The Spanish Agency of Medicines and Medical Devices (AEMPS) and the Ethics Committee of the University Hospital La Princesa approved version 7.0 of the protocol on 30 April 2020 as a low intervention clinical trial. Subsequently, the protocol has been amended by researchers and re-approved by AEMPS and the same ethics committee on 1 July 2020 (version 8.0) and on 28 August 2020 (version 9.0). Currently, the trial is in the recruitment phase. Recruitment began on 28 May 2020 and is expected to be completed by February 2021.
This study protocol was registered on the eudract.ema.europa.eu on 5 May 2020 (title "Early treatment of COVID-19 pneumonia with glucocorticoids. Randomized controlled clinical trial"; EudraCT Number: 
   
The full protocol (version 9.0) is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 
   
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s13063-020-04999-4.
French ethics committee (CPP Nord-Ouest I) has approved this protocol on October 13th 2016 (reference number: CPP 02/016/2016).
Patient information and informed consent from the patient must be handled in accordance with the French regulation. Prior to the participation of a patient in the trial, this patient will be informed both verbally and in writing about the objectives of the trial, its methods, anticipated benefits and potential risks and the discomfort to which they may be exposed. The informed consent form for study and ancillaries studies, must be personally dated and signed by the patient and investigator.
The manuscript has undergone peer review by the funding body.
This Study has been approved by Nord-Ouest I Ethics Committee and French Regulatory authorities (ANSM). French ethics committee (CPP Nord-Ouest I) has approved this protocol on October 13th 2016 (reference number: CPP 02/016/2016). The study will be performed in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and will comply to the International Conference on Harmonization and Good Clinical Practice and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This study funded by grants from French Cancer Institute (Institut National du Cancer, 52, avenue André Morizet, F-92513 Boulogne Billancourt Cedex) though PHRC program (grant number: PHRC-K 2015–149) that has no role in the collection, analysis, interpretation of results or writing of manuscripts. The study has been registered at 
 
This was an unblinded randomized controlled trial. The protocol was approved by the ethics committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, and its ethical approval number is QYFYKYLL201812. It was carried out at the Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, between May 1, 2019 and October 31, 2019. A total of 96 patients were recruited. Eighty-two patients who were eligible for inclusion criteria were randomly assigned into TEAS group (TG) receiving 3-consecutive-day TEAS and control group (CG) at a 1:1 ratio. During the perioperative period, the same ERAS protocol (See 
 
This trial will be accomplished strictly followed the principles for medical ethics outlined in the 2013 updated Declaration of Helsinki. The study was approved by the Ethics and Research Committee of Chengdu Second People's Hospital, China (ethics reference: 2020077). This committee is an ethical approval committee organized by leading professors in their own fields. It will be obtained from all participants in advance that written and signed informed consent. This trial has been registered on 
 
Authors declare no conflicts of interests.
The Rotterdam Study has been approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Erasmus MC (registration number MEC 02.1015) and by the Dutch Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Population Screening Act WBO, license number 1071272-159521-PG). The Rotterdam Study Personal Registration Data collection is filed with the Erasmus MC Data Protection Officer under registration number EMC1712001. The Rotterdam Study has been entered into the Netherlands National Trial Register (NTR; 
   
The classical pathway for diagnosing prostate cancer is systematic 12-core biopsy under the guidance of transrectal ultrasound, which tends to underdiagnose the clinically significant tumour and overdiagnose the insignificant disease. Another pathway named targeted biopsy is using multiparametric MRI to localise the tumour precisely and then obtain the samples from the suspicious lesions. Targeted biopsy, which is mainly divided into cognitive fusion method and software-based fusion method, is getting prevalent for its good performance in detecting significant cancer. However, the preferred targeted biopsy technique in detecting clinically significant prostate cancer between cognitive fusion and software-based fusion is still beyond consensus.
This trial is a prospective, single-centre, randomised controlled and non-inferiority study in which all men suspicious to have clinically significant prostate cancer are included. This study aims to determine whether a novel three-dimensional matrix positioning cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy is non-inferior to software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in the detection rate of clinically significant cancer in men without a prior biopsy. The main inclusion criteria are men with elevated serum prostate-specific antigen above 4–20 ng/mL or with an abnormal digital rectal examination and have never had a biopsy before. A sample size of 602 participants allowing for a 10% loss will be recruited. All patients will undergo a multiparametric MRI examination, and those who fail to be found with a suspicious lesion, with the anticipation of half of the total number, will be dropped. The remaining participants will be randomly allocated to cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy (n=137) and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy (n=137). The primary outcome is the detection rate of clinically significant prostate cancer for cognitive fusion-targeted biopsy and software-based fusion-targeted biopsy in men without a prior biopsy. The clinically significant prostate cancer will be defined as the International Society of Urological Pathology grade group 2 or higher.
Ethical approval was obtained from the ethics committee of Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China. The results of the study will be disseminated and published in international peer-reviewed journals.
ClinicalTrials.gov Registry (
   
Ethical approval was obtained from the ethics committee of Shanghai East Hospital. The results of this study will be disseminated for international peer-reviewed journals and disseminated for presentation at international or national academic conference.
A research nurse will record all harms or adverse events relevant or not relevant to the procedure of biopsy. Adverse events will be assessed by Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events. The serious adverse events that include (1) death; (2) life-threatening; (3) hospitalisation and (4) disability or permanent damage will be recorded immediately and then sent to the ethics committee and the monitoring board within 24 hours. All harms and adverse events will be recorded from the registration to 1 week after the biopsy.
This study was conducted in accordance with the principles expressed in the Declaration of Helsinki. The primary protocol of this study was approved by the central ethics committee of Clinical Research Network Fukuoka Certified Review Board (CRB7180004) on May 2, 2017. Protocol amendments have been made in the study period and the participating institutions. The latest version (version 2) of the study protocol has been reviewed and approved by the Clinical Research Network Fukuoka Certified Review Board on February 5, 2020 (jRCTs071180010). Written informed consent will be obtained from all the participants.
Not applicable.
The authors declare no conflicts of interest associated with this manuscript.
The study is being conducted at 30 institutions in the Lung Cancer Group in Kyusyu (LOGIK) in Japan. The study is registered with the University Hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry (
 
We declare that this study has obtained the report of ethics board approval and informed consent obtained from each participate has been written before surgery. The study was approved by the ethics committee of.
Samsung Medical Center (IRB No. 2017-10-094) and Myongi Hospital (IRB No. 2018-08-005).
All participants gave a written consent for their personal and clinical details.
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Abbreviations: ALB = serum albumin, BMI = body mass index, CONSORT = Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials, Hb = hemoglobin, RCT = Randomized controlled trial, TLC = prealbumin and total lymphocyte count.
How to cite this article: Liu C, Yang J, Dong W, Yuan J. Effects of probiotics on gastrointestinal complications and nutritional status of postoperative patients with esophageal cancer: a protocol of randomized controlled trial. 
   
This work was supported by the Baoding science and technology research and development project (No. 1951ZF021).
Informed consent has been obtained from the patient and approval has been obtained from the ethics committee.
This study has been approved by the Ethics committee.
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study.
The trial protocol will be amended only through approval by the principal investigator (current version: 1.0, protocol date July 28, 2020). It will be the responsibility of the principal investigator to disseminate amendments to co-investigators, the research ethics board and trial registries. Authorship of the trial abstract and manuscript will be decided by the principal investigator at the time of submission.
The primary objective is to demonstrate that, in patients with PCR-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 resulting in Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS), administration of 120mg/kg of body weight of intravenous Prolastin®(plasma-purified alpha-1 antitrypsin) reduces circulating plasma levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6). Secondary objectives are to determine the effects of intravenous Prolastin® on important clinical outcomes including the incidence of adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs).
Phase 2, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, pilot trial.
The study will be conducted in Intensive Care Units in hospitals across Ireland. Patients with a laboratory-confirmed diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2-infection, moderate to severe ARDS (meeting Berlin criteria for a diagnosis of ARDS with a PaO
   
Intervention: Either a once weekly intravenous infusion of Prolastin® at 120mg/kg of body weight for 4 weeks or a single dose of Prolastin® at 120mg/kg of body weight intravenously followed by once weekly intravenous infusion of an equal volume of 0.9% sodium chloride for a further 3 weeks. Comparator (placebo): An equal volume of 0.9% sodium chloride intravenously once per week for four weeks.
The primary effectiveness outcome measure is the change in plasma concentration of IL-6 at 7 days as measured by ELISA. Secondary outcomes include: safety and tolerability of Prolastin® in the respective groups (as defined by the number of SAEs and AEs); PaO
   
Following informed consent/assent patients will be randomised. The randomisation lists will be prepared by the study statistician and given to the unblinded trial personnel. However, the statistician will not be exposed to how the planned treatment will be allocated to the treatment codes. Randomisation will be conducted in a 1:1:1 ratio, stratified by site and age.
The investigator, treating physician, other members of the site research team and patients will be blinded to treatment allocation. The clinical trial pharmacy personnel and research nurses will be unblinded to facilitate intervention and placebo preparation. The unblinded individuals will keep the treatment information confidential. The infusion bag will be masked at the time of preparation and will be administered via a masked infusion set to maintain blinding.
A total of 36 patients will be recruited and randomised in a 1:1:1 ratio to each of the trial arms.
In March 2020, version 1.0 of the trial protocol was submitted to the local research ethics committee (REC), Health Research Consent Declaration Committee (HRCDC) and the Health Products regulatory Authority (HPRA). REC approval was granted on April 1
   
EudraCT 2020-001391-15 (Registered 31 Mar 2020).
The full protocol (version 3.0 23.11.2020) is attached as an additional file accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 
   
The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 
   
The online version contains supplementary material available at 10.1186/s13063-021-05254-0.
Abbreviations: Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials, ESPEN = European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism, ONS = oral nutrition supplement, RCT = randomized controlled trial, SF-36 = 36-item Short From.
How to cite this article: Chen Y, Wu X, Wei X, Xu L, Ren X. The effect of oral nutritional supplement therapy on nutritional status and quality of life in patients with esophageal cancer undergoing radiotherapy and chemotherapy: a protocol for randomized controlled trial. 
   
Informed consent has been obtained from the patient and approval has been obtained from the ethics committee.
This study has been approved by the Ethics committee.
This work is supported by the Project of Nanjing Health Commission (No. YKK17104).
The authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.
Data sharing not applicable to this article as no datasets were generated or analyzed during the current study.