The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University School of Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Second affiliated hospital, school of medicine, zhejiang university. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Board of Central China Normal University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
Authors obtained written informed consent from the patient's parents for the publication. Written informed consent was obtained from the minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board for Human Studies of Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University School of Medicine (Hangzhou, China). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
This study was approved by the ethics committee of the West China Hospital, Sichuan University, and written informed consent was provided by the patient for publication of this case publication.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Kantonale Ethikkommission Kanton Bern. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee at the Institute of Psychology, Pedagogical University of Kraków. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Xianyang Caihong Hospital. Written informed consent from the participants' legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Zhejiang Cancer Hospital. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the General Hospital of Central Theater Command. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
Written informed consent was obtained from the patient for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Bahrain National Covid-19 Taskforce Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Inner Mongolia Xing'an Meng People's Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Medical Ethics Committee of The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The ethics for this study was reviewed and approved by Tallaght University Hospital & St James's Hospital joint research ethics committee (2019-09 List 35(01)). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the participant’s next of kin for the publication of this case report, including any identifiable data or images included in this study.
Human research was approved by the Ethics Committee of Chengdu Second People's Hospital. The authors certify that they have obtained all appropriate patient consent forms and patients provided consent, confirming that their clinical information could be reported in journal articles.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The ethics committee of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by IMDEA Networks Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Royal Brisbane and Women's hospital human research ethics committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Teikyo University School of Medicine (TR 20-078). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Leading ethics committee: Ethics committee of the Medical Faculty of the Ludwig Maximilians University, Munich, Germany; reference number: 17-477 and subsequently by the Ethics committee of AZ ST JAN, Brugge Oostende, Belgium, AV Ethics committee OG 065, BUN: 8049201835209 Int. Nr.2247, which required modifications of the protocol; date of final approval: May 17th, 2018. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of 
 
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. The REB at the University of Toronto deemed this project a Quality Improvement (QI) project not requiring formal REB review or approval. It is thus noted that any conclusions made based on this project were not gained through research but through a quality improvement project carried out in a local context.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité de protection des personne Île de France III and Comité de protection des personne Île de France IV. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
Written informed consent was obtained from the patient for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of Bielefeld University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the institutional ethics committee of Shandong Provincial Hospital affiliated to Shandong First Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Xiangya Hospital and the Ethics Committee of the Third Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Fukuoka University Hospital Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Medical Ethics Committee of Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of First Affiliatted Hospital of Dalian Medical University. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Medical Ethics Committee of our hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Xiangya Hospital, Central South University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional Review Board Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ludwig Maximilians University Munich (227-15). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The ethics committee of Seirei Hamamatsu General Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Local ethics committee Goethe University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Xiangya Hospital Central South University. The patients/participants provided in review their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Beijing Academy of Agriculture and Forestry Sciences.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual (s), and minor (s)' legal guardian/next of kin, for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Laval University Animal Care Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by CHFU Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by This Study was conducted after obtaining the approval of the Institutional Review Board at the Jordan University of Science and Technology. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Tangdu hospital ethics committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The study involving human participants was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Academic College at Wingate. Written informed consent was not provided because this was an online study. Participants filled an electronic informed consent as was approved by the Ethics Committee and as written in the manuscript.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Instituto Investigación Sanitaria Gregorio Marañón. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of King Fahd Armed Forces Hospital. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patient/participant of this study provided her written informed consent for the analysis and publication of any her potentially identifiable images or data.
Studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University of Henan Province. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University School of Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by National Institute for Infectious Diseases, Lazzaro Spallanzani, IRCCS, Rome, Italy. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board, Office of Research at Utah State University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the University of Tennessee Health Science Center. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
Informed consent was obtained from 33 patients attending the new program, which was approved by the ethics committee of Oita University Faculty of Medicine, and the alternative opt-out method was applied to 44 patients attending the old program, which was approved by the ethics committee of Oita Okanoue Hospital.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The ‘‘Sailing through Adolescence'' course was approved by the ‘‘Committee of School Curriculum Development'' of all participating schools, and was supervised by the teachers. The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Taipei Hospital, Ministry of Health and Welfare (TH-IRB-0021-0001) in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Penn State Office for Research Protections. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
This study was carried out in accordance with recommendations of the Research Ethics Committee of Renmin University of China with written informed consent from all subjects. All subjects gave written informed consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. The protocol was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Renmin University of China.
The study was approved by Research Ethics Committee of Guangdong Provincial People’s Hospital, Guangdong Academy of Medical Sciences. All patients gave their informed consent to the collection of data according to the local ethics committee’s indications.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Monash University Human Research Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of Dalian No. 7 People's Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of Northeast International Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Shanghai Tongji Hospital Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Senate Committee on Ethics of Scientific Research at the University School of Physical Education in Wrocław – number 20/2019. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The study protocol involving human participants was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Asan Medical Center (IRB Number: 2021-0058). The informed consent requirements were waived by the ethics committee of Asan Medical Center.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by ethics committee of the Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin (EA2/088/18). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Shengjing Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article. Informed written consent was obtained from the patient for publication of this report and any accompanying images.
UK Biobank had obtained ethics approval from the North West Multi-centre Research Ethics Committee which covers the UK (approval number: 11/NW/0382) and had obtained informed consent from all participants.
Ethical approval was not provided for this study on human participants because case report. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the patient for publication of this case report and any accompanying images.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by St Vincent's Hospital (Melbourne) Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The approval was obtained from the Ethics committee of Mashhad University of Medical Sciences on 2020-04-19 (# IR.MUMS.REC.1399.118). This trial was registered in Iran Trial Registrar under IRCT20170922036314N4 registration number and 22 June 2020 registration date. The results will be disseminated in a peer-reviewed journal.