The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute of Tehran University of Medical Sciences (Code: EC-00214).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the University of Ceara Hospital Research Ethics Board (Protocol no. 1886743). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
We used an established protocol for cell isolation. When informed and written consent was given extracted third molars were used to prepare fibroblasts from the dental pulp. The protocol was approved by the Ethics committee of the Medical University of Vienna (631/2007).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Finnish National Supervisory Authority for Welfare (Dnro V/74832/2017, V/3235/2019) and Health and the ethics committees of Helsinki University Central Hospital (382/13/03/01/2014, HUS/114/2018) and Turku University Central Hospital (ETMK 78/2012). Samples and data from Spanish patients included in this study were provided by the IDIBGI Biobank (Biobanc IDIBGI, B.0000872), integrated in the Spanish National Biobanks Network, and they were processed following standard operating procedures with the appropriate approval of the ethics and scientific committees. Written informed consent from the participants' legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal experiments were performed in accordance with animal experimentation and ethics guidelines of the EU (2010/63/EU). Experimental protocols were approved by the Review Committee of Biological Research Centre and by the Joint Local Ethics and Animal Welfare Committee of Avidin Ltd., then by National Food Chain Safety Office Directorate of Animal Health and Animal Welfare (NÉBIH) in possession of an ethical clearance XXIX./128/2013.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The ethics committee of Guangdong Provincial People’s Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Human Ethics Review Committee of the Israel Ministry of Health and the Tel-Aviv Medical Center. The ethics committee waived the requirement of written informed consent for participation.
Ethical approval was authorized through UCL Research Ethics Committee Office for the Vice Provost (0389/025: The internal representations of children and adolescents in care, 2017). Informed consent for participation was obtained from the children’s local authority social workers, Five Rivers supervising social workers and from the children’s foster carers/residential care team. The study was also covered by the UCL data protection registration.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Ethics Committee of the Peking University Health Science Center. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by [Guangdong Women and Children Hospital Ethics committee]. The legal guardian of participants provided written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was done according to the Principle of Laboratory Animal Care (NIH Publication No. 85-23, revised 1985). The protocol was approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Xinxiang Medical University.
Animal treatment protocols were approved by, and conducted in accordance with, animal welfare regulations of the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the Medical College of Georgia.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Review Board and Ethics Committee of Henan University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical committee of Northern and Central Switzerland (2015-00191). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee for Human Medical Research (KU Leuven). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Landesamt für Gesundheit und Soziales Berlin (LAGeSo) Turmstr. 21 10559 Berlin Germany.
The Erasmus MC Medical Ethics Committee approved this availability without the need for informed consent, based on the use of fully anonymized remaining diagnostic material without the patient being subjected to additional risk or medical procedures. All animal experiments were approved by the Erasmus MCs Animal Ethics Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committees of Daping Hospital, Army Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committees of Daping Hospital, Army Medical University.
This study involve the use of human tissue collected from spontaneous miscarriages; tissue procurement was approved by the Ethical Commitee of Umbria’ Health Institutes (CEAS) and with written consent of mother.
The study involving human participants was reviewed and approved by Cantonal Ethics Committee, Stampfenbachstrasse 121, 8090 Zurich, Switzerland (BASEC 2017-00128). The participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Our study involving human participants was reviewed and approved by the Human Research Ethics Committee affiliated to the Northern Sydney Local Health District, New South Wales government, Australia. The ethics committee reference number: RESP/15/314. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee Jiangsu University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethikkommission RUB. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal studies were reviewed and approved by the University of Pennsylvania Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee and the University of Maryland Baltimore Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical committee of Santa Chiara Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethical Commitee University of Rome Policlinico “Tor Vergata” number prot.0013157/2015. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Danish National Committee on Health Research Ethics (H-15005137). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The study involving human participants was approved by the Medical Ethics Committee at the Medical School, “G. d’Annunzio” University of Chieti-Pescara, Chieti, Italy (n°266 17 April 2014) and it is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. All the subjects that were involved in the study gave their informed consent.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care Committee of the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study. The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ottawa Health Science Network Research Ethics Board. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Temple University Animal Care and Use Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Subcommittee on Research and Animal Care (SRAC) of Central South University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Ethics Committee of Vinmec International General Hospital Joint Stock Company. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
All experiments were conducted on commercially supplied cell lines. Therefore, ethics approval and written informed consent was not required for this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Welfare and Research Ethics Committee at Jilin University in accordance with the animal welfare laws and the regulations of the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by ethical committee from the Fundeni Clinical Institute, Romania. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Ehime University School of Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by University Committee for Animal Research, Ehime University.
This study was approved by the Ethic committee of Tianjin Medical University General Hospital and Tianjin First Central Hospital. Patients and healthy controls gave their informed consent. The study was conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by University of Ibadan, University College Hospital Ibadan Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the First Hospital of Jilin University Ethics Committee (No. 2019–177). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Nanjing Medical University. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Nanjing Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Experimental Ethics Committee of Zhejiang University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Internal Committee for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the Faculty of Medicine, UNAM, with approved protocol number 027-CIC-2019.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (SCXK#2016005).
The animal protocol was approved by the Standing Committee on Animals at Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital, Shanghai, P.R. China.
The study was approved by the Transplant Complications Working Party of the EBMT institutional review board and conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and Good Clinical Practice guidelines. Since 1990, all patients provide informed consent authorizing the use of their personal information for research purposes.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the Capital Region of Denmark (H-15006001). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by NRES Committee London, UK – Fulham Research Ethics Committee (fetal tissue) and Camden and Islington Community Local Research Ethics Committee (pediatric tissue). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Boards at JSHCT and Tokyo Medical and Dental University. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by human ethics committee, the Guangzhou Medical University. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee, University of Macau.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Clinical Ethics Review Committee at Ningbo First Hospital. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s), and minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin, for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Dutch National and Sanquin Internal Ethic Boards. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Animal Care Committee at First Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Tongji Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
This study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the cancer hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, and was registered with 
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the National Cheng Kung University Hospital Institutional Review Board. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal and Ethics Review Committee of the Laboratory Animal Center at Taipei Medical University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Csongrád County Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health, Government Office of Csongrád County, Rákóczi tér 1, Szeged 6722 Hungary. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University Committee on Use and Care of Animals of Jiangsu University (2012258).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee for Research (ECRA) of Lorestan University. Written informed consent was not required according to local and national guidelines.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by CEP-Federal University of Bahia. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by CEUA-Hospital São Rafael.
The animal studies were performed according to the guidelines and regulations of the Institute of Laboratory Animal Science, Peking Union Medical College and Chinese Academy of Medical Science (Beijing, China). Efforts were made to minimize the number of animals in the studies. The use of rhesus macaque in research at the Institute of Laboratory Animal Science was approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (Protocol number #XC17001).
All patients gave informed consent and the use of tumor samples was approved by the Hospital La Fe (Spain) Ethics Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Nanjing Medical University Institution Review Board (PJ2004-030-001). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Peking University Health Science Center.
This study was approved by The West China Hospital research ethics committee. Written informed consent was waived per the committee approval because of the retrospective nature of the analysis.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital, College of Medicine, Zhejiang University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Commission for the Ethical Use and Care of Animals, Grisons, Switzerland.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the Landesuntersuchungsamt Rheinland-Pfalz, permission number 177-07/G 19-1-088.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of Central South University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the institutional review board of Peking University Cancer Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the hospital Ethics Committee of The First Hospital of Jilin University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
For using non-human animals in the study, the project was reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Review Committee of Kerman University of Medical Sciences, approval ID IR.KMU.REC.1398.084.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board of the University of Tokyo Hospital (11044). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Xinqiao Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Xiangya Hospital of Central South University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Xiangya Hospital of Central South University Ethics Committee.
This study was reviewed and approved by Research Ethics Committee of Dr. Amaral Carvalho Hospital–Jahu-SP- Brazil (CEPHAC—2.917.389). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee of Shandong University of Technology.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committees of Zhengzhou University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Welfare Committee of Zhengzhou University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital of Nanjing University Medical school. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Hospital Board of Vinmec International Hospital in Hanoi. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s), and minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin, for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Human Ethical Committee at fuwai hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Animal Ethical Committee at Fuwai Hospital.
The animal studies were reviewed and approved by University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center and University of Utah Health IACUCs.
This is a retrospective study and was approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of SPHIC.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by IFO ethics committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Yangzhou University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the CHA University Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee on animal experiments (IACUC, approval no: 140013).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Zhengzhou University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Zhengzhou University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the University of Tübingen (598/2011BO1). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Zhejiang Sci-Tech University Animal Experimental Ethics Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional Review Board at Forsyth Institute. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Review Board and Research Ethics Committee of The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University and The National Healthcare Group Domain Specific Review Board of Singapore. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by ERES Converge, institutional review board, Lusaka, Zambia. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
All experimental protocols were conducted in accordance with guidelines for care and use of laboratory animals approved by the Institutional Committee on the Care and Use of Animals of Third Institute of Oceanography, NMR (TIO-IACUC-03-2020-06-22).
The study protocol was approved by the Human Ethics Committee of Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South University. All subjects provided signed informed consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care and Use Committee of Shanghai General Hospital of Nanjing Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Tianjin First Center Hospital (Tianjin, China). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The human HCC specimens were collected by the China-Japan Friendship Hospital, with informed consents from the patients or their guardians and approval from the Institutional Ethics Committee of the China-Japan Friendship Hospital. The animal studies were reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of China-Japan Friendship Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Monitoring Committee of Sichuan Agriculture University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Experimentation Committee of the University of Queensland.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Ethics Committe, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore−560012, India.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (Houston Methodist Research Institute).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Review Board and the Committee on Animal Research of the Catholic University of Louvain.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Dubai Health Authority (DHA) and Dubai Scientific Research Ethics Committee (DSREC-03/2019_10) United Arab Emirates. The participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Kyushu University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Biology and Medical Ethics Committee, Dalian University of Technology.
The study involving human participants was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the center of the national principal investigator, called Comitato Unico Regionale Friuli-Venezia Giulia on 2017, 3 October (Protocol No. 26522) and by the Ethics Committees of all participating institutions. A written and informed consent was obtained from all patients according to the Declaration of Helsinki.
All research was conducted and parental consent obtained with the approval of the institutional review boards of the University of Pittsburgh (IRB-PRO11050036) and University of North Carolina (IRB-08-0237). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Xuzhou Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Helsinki and Uusimaa Hospital District. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Animal Care and Use Committee of the South China Agricultural University, Guangzhou, China (approval number 2018B116).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by SingHealth and National Health Care Group Research Ethics Committees Singapore. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by International Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC), A*STAR.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the canton of Zurich (project ID: BASEC 2018-02075). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Medical University of Vienna. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by IRB committee Auburn University. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal experiments were performed at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles under the research protocols (31–08 and 3111) approved by the Animal Research Committee and in strict accordance with the recommendations in the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of the National Institutes of Health. The approval identification for Children’s Hospital Los Angeles is AAALAC A3276-01. Harvesting organs and tissues from wild type and mutant mice following euthanasia using pentobarbital was approved at Justus Liebig University Giessen by the federal authorities for animal research of the Regierungspräsidium Giessen, Hessen, Germany (Approved Protocol GI 20/10 Nr. G 84/2016). Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by all the animal experiment study was controlled and approved by the protocol Ethics Committee of the Second Affiliated Hospital, School of medicine, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care Committee of McGill University (AUP-7815).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the University of Pittsburgh Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of Zhejiang University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional review board of Nagoya University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
All animal experiments in this research were conducted according to protocols permitted by The Animal Care and Ethics Committee of Tianjin Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional Review Board of Peking Union Medical College Hospital. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Public Institutional Review Board designated by the Ministry of Health and Welfare (P01-201802-31-001). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee of Xiamen University.
Our study was approved by the Ethics Committee of Shanghai Children’s Medical Center (SCMC), affiliated hospital of Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, department of hematology or pediatric intensive care unit and written informed consent was obtained from patients' parents or guardians.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University of Iowa IACUC.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of New York University.
This study, part of a protocol entitled “Translational research on soft tissue sarcomas”, was reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Erasmus MC, Rotterdam, The Netherlands (MEC-2016-213). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee of Hunan Normal University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Laboratory Animal Ethics Committee of the Second Affiliated Hospital of Hunan Normal University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved and all experimental procedures were conducted in accordance with the guidelines of the Canadian Council on Animal Care (CCAC) and approved by the Animal Care Committee at the Hospital for Sick Children, Canada and Southeast University, China.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committees of all participating centers: Hospital Clínic, Hospital Germans Trias i Pujol, Hospital del Mar, Vall d’Hebron University Hospital, Fundació Althaia Manresa, and Hospital Universitari Doctor Josep Trueta. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Animals were bred and housed in the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care-accredited animal facility of Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center. All experiments conform to the regulatory standards of the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) and adhere to IACUC-approved protocols. The study was approved by the IACUC ethics committee at Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee for Animal Research at Zhejiang University (Ethics approval number: ZJU20200075).
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee of Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria Integrata Verona; N. 1828, May 12, 2010 “Institution of cell and tissue collection for biomedical research in Onco-Hematology”. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
All procedures involving live animals were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Colorado State University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of São Rafael Hospital (approval number 19883113.0.0000.0048). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité Local d’Ethique pour la Recherche Clinique; reference: CLEA-2016-029, October 12, 2016. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Achaia’s regional veterinary authority.
All experiments were conducted in accordance with the Home Office Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 under the license number PPL80/2545 at the UEA.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by De Videnskabsetiske Komiteer i Region Hovedstaden. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee for Animal Experimentation of the University of Genoa (Prot. 319) and the Istituto di Ricerche Farmacologiche Mario Negri IRCCS.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care and Use Committee of Yangzhou University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Zhejiang Chinese Medical University (Resolution number ZSLL-2016-139).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Review Board at Tongji Hospital of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology (TJ-IRB20190502). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Xiangya Hospital of Central South University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee on Clinical Study of the First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Nantes University Hospital Ethical Committee and the Committee for the Protection of Patients from Biologic Risks. the Nantes University Hospital Ethical Committee and the Committee for the Protection of Patients from Biologic Risks. All subjects provided written informed consent in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Blood samples were collected from patients included in the EXPRESA cohort study (NCT00721097). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee on Animal Experimentation of the Pays de la Loire (accreditation number: 9456).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Ethics Committee of the Shanghai General Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Research Ethics Committee of Guangzhou Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Research Ethics Committee of Guangzhou Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Landesuntersuchungsamt Rheinland-Pfalz.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Medical University of Vienna. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Health Research Ethics Board of Alberta. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. No animal studies are presented in this manuscript. No potentially identifiable human images or data is presented in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Research Committee of the Sixth People's Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Zhengzhou University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the Sixth Medical Center, Chinese PLA General Hospital, China. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
All experimental animal procedures were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of University of Murcia and Fundación Instituto de Investigacion Sanitaria Fundación Jiménez Diaz and performed according to the established guidelines (protocols numbers A13150201 and PROEX084/16).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Research Committee of Hamamatsu University School of Medicine and those of Niigata University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee of Shanghai Ninth People’s Hospital, China.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Human Ethics Committee of Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Medical Ethics Committee of Zhujiang Hospital of Southern Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Osaka University Clinical Research Review Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of the First Hospital of Jilin University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of the Medical University of Innsbruck. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité de Protection des Personnes IIe de France VII (hôpital de Bicêtre, Le Kremlin Bicêtre, FRANCE). The participants or legal guardian provided written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Laboratory Animal Control Committee of the Goldberg ED Research Institute of Pharmacology and Regenerative Medicine, Tomsk NRMC (IACUC Protocol No. 114062016).
All experimental procedures were performed in accordance with the European Community Council Directive (2010/63/UE) for the care and use of laboratory animals. Experimental protocols were approved by the local ethics committee “Comité d’éthique en expérimentation animal Charles Darwin No 5” under the number 02811.03 in compliance with European Union guidelines.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by 
 
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal experiments were approved by the Ethical committee of the University of Cadiz, as well as the Andalusian Committee of animal experimentation (registration number ES110120000210 and project number 07-04-2016-043).
This study received ethics approval from St Vincent’s Hospital (Melbourne) Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC) (Ref: HREC-A 028/06), was endorsed by the CSIRO Health and Medical Research Ethics Committee (RR 5/2018) and was prospectively registered with the University of Melbourne HREC (ID: 1852006). All participants provided written informed consent to participate.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care Committee of the Leibniz Institute for Farm Animal Biology. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Tianjin Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by National Institutes of Health Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
This study was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the Taiwan National Health Research Institute and the Institutional Review Board of the China Medical University Hospital (ethics approval number: CMUH107-REC3-074 (CR1)). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethical guidelines of animal research at the University of Copenhagen and the University of Kentucky. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board of Southwest Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Committee on the Ethics of Animal Experiments of the Shenyang Pharmaceutical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care and Use Committee of the Northeastern University Committee, China.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Soochow University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhejiang University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The study design was reviewed and approved by the Local Ethics Committee of FSBI “RSMG” (Federal State Budgetary Institution “Research Centre for Medical Genetics”) to meet the requirements of the Helsinki Declaration of 1975 as revised in 2013. An informed consent for the use of the surgical material had been obtained from each patient, from whom an anonymous cell culture was derived.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of the Nanjing Agricultural University.
As our data were downloaded from the TCGA database, there is no requirement for ethics committee approval and consent to participate.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Academic Committee of Wuhan Union Hospital, Huazhong University of Science and technology. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ruijin Hospital Research Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee 94 (IACUC; UAB Approval Number 09479).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by ethical committee of the University Medicine Greifswald. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Xiangya Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Welfare Ethics Committee of Shanghai Sixth People’s Hospital (NO: DWLL2020-0550).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Peking University Third Hospital Medical Science Research Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Peking University Third Hospital Medical Science Research Ethics Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animals used in this study were done in accordance with the approved protocols (Protocol#18-072) from the Animal Care and Use Committee at The University of Illinois at Chicago.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Chengdu Medical College.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of China Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Agricultural University Animal Care Committee of South China Agricultural University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical Committee of the Medical University of Graz. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care and Use Committee in Vienna.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Telethon Kids Institute Animal Ethics Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Apollo Speciality Hospital, Chennai, India. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The data and the samples analyzed in the present study were obtained in accordance with the standards and approval of the Chongqing medical university institutional review board and biomedical ethics committee. The ethics committee waived the need for written informed consent provided by participants due to the retrospective nature of the study. Because all patient data were analyzed in anonymity, no additional informed consent was required.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Dongzhimen Hospital affiliated to Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care Committee of Maisonneuve-Rosemont Hospital in accordance with guidelines established by the Canadian Council on Animal Care and the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) statement for the use of animals in ophthalmic and vision research.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Utah State University Institutional Review Board. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Southern Medical University affiliated Nanfang Hospital before study initiation. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Research Ethical Committee from the Universitat Internacional de Catalunya, under the study code BIO-ELB-2013-03. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Bambino Gesù Childrens’ Hospital. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Hospital Ethics Committee (HCB/2020/0704), Hospital Clínic de Barcelona. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee, Peking University School and Hospital of Stomatology (PKUSSIRB-2011007). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee, Peking University (LA2018305).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by G Papanikolaou Hospital Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The local Ethics Committee of the Ä
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Kunshan Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Written informed consent was obtained from the cases/legal guardian for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by internal review and ethics boards of Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Model Animal Research Institute at Wuhan Myhalic Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Shanghai Tongji Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethical Committee of Guanghua Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal experiments were approved by the Ethics Committee of Renji Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Committee on the Ethics of Animal Experiments of Tianjin Neurological Institute (Tianjin, China).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board of the Affiliated Stomatology Hospital of Tongji University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University of California-Irvine Animal Care Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by All procedures were approved (approval number IACUC-1712010) by the Experimental Animal Care and Use Committee of Nanjing Medical University and conducted in accordance with the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (NIH publication No. 85-23, revised 1996).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité de Ética de la Investigación con Medicamentos (CEIm) del Hosp. G.U. Gregorio Marañón. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
This project was approved by the Shanghai Children’s Hospital Ethics Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee of China Medical University and all patients signed informed consent forms to allow analyses to be performed on their tissue samples.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethical Committee (IVD Instantie voor Dierenwelzijn) at the Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and the CCD (Centrale Commissie Dierproeven, the national central commission for animal experimentation) located in Den Haag, the Netherlands, under 9.2.8175, where 9 is the CCD number, 2 the CCD subgroup number, and 8175 the IVD number.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by UC San Diego IACUC.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Wangjing Hospital of China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences (WJEC-KT-2017-014-P002). The ethics committee of Xuanwu Hospital of Capital Medical University (2011-11). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the institution ethical committee of Tokyo Medical and Dental University and Yokosuka Kyosai Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care Committee of the Tokyo Medical and Dental University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of the Stomatological School of Nanjing Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Committee on the Ethics of Animal Welfare of the FIMR. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Biomedical Research of Vilnius District. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité d'Evaluation de l'Ethique des projets de Reserche Biomédicale Paris Nord. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Vanderbilt University Medical Center.
All animal experiments were conducted according to the Ethical Committee Guidelines for the care and use of laboratory animals of our institution (Faculty of Sciences of Sfax, Tunisia).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the patients of all children signed written informed consent. This study was approved by the Ethics Committee of Chinese Clinical Trial Registry Center and Guangzhou Women and Children’s Medical Center (Registration number: ChiCTR-EOC-17013273; Approved No. of ethic committee: 2017103101). Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s), and minor(s)’ legal guardian/next of kin, for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Lomonosov Moscow State University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by MD Anderson Cancer Center.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by local ethical guidelines (as stipulated by the Declaration of Helsinki). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by IACUC of the Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees (Jagiellonian University, Krakow, Poland; permit number: 228/2017; 92/2020).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Guangdong Woman and Children Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Guangdong Woman and Children Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Henan Provincial People’s Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Peking University People's Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Binzhou Medical University (Shandong, China) for sample collection from women undergoing voluntary termination of gestation. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Binzhou Medical University (Shandong, China). This study was conducted in strict accordance with the requirements of the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals of Binzhou Medical University. All experimental procedures were performed under sodium pentobarbital anesthesia to minimize the suffering of laboratory animals.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved. 1. Plasma samples from 
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The University of Alabama at Birmingham Institutional Review Board. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Committee on the Use of Live Animals in Teaching and Research of the Tongji University for Laboratory Animal Medicine.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by 5349-2016050918198875, CEEA-LR-12117.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the local Ethical Committee of the Pirogov Russian National Research Medical University (Protocol No. 140 from December 15, 2014). The human biological material was obtained from the Perinatal Center of Kama Children’s Medical Center (KCMC) of Naberezhnye Chelny. The studies of cell transplantation into human participants were not conducted. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the local Ethical Committee of the Pirogov Russian National Research Medical University (Protocol No. 140 from December 15, 2014) and of Federal Research and Clinical Center of Specialized Medical Care and Medical Technologies (protocol No. 1_6_2019 from April 9, 2019). Experiments were carried out in accordance with directive 2010/63/EU on the protection of animals used for scientific purposes of the European Parliament and the Council of European Union dated September 22, 2010. All efforts were made to minimize the number of animals and exclude pain and other unpleasant effects for the animals. There were no restrictions in access to water and food (rodent chow), or other limitations. Animal studies are reported according to ARRIVE guidelines.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by UM IACUC.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Nanfang Hospital-Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Science Research Department of the Institute of Animal Science, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS), Beijing, China (approval number: RNL09/07).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institute of Animal Care and Use Committee at the University of Maryland. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The Ethics Committee of the Xinqiao Hospital of Army Medical University approved the present study (AF/SC-08/1.0). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Animal Ethics Committee Army Medical University approved all studies [No. SYXK(yu)2017-0002].
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the animal welfare committee of the Regierungspräsidium Freiburg (G-06/19 and G-11/79).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Human Ethics Committee at the IVI Foundation, Valencia, Spain. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Committee for Animal Welfare of University of Valencia.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (number: DL2019002). Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the local Research Ethics Committee at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University (Approval No.2018078). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of Wuhan University following the Animal Experiment/Animal Biosafety Level-III Laboratory Guidelines.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Policlinico Catania 1, n.34/2019/PO. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Soochow University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Danish National Committee on Health Research Ethics (H-15005137). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care Committee of Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Use and Management Committee of Yueyang Hospital of Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine, Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Conjoint Health Research Ethics Board (CHREB), University of Calgary. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethical Committee of the Netherlands Cancer Institute – Antoni van Leeuwenhoek. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional review board of Samsung Medical Center (IRB 2013-12-076-005). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Harvard Medical School Office of Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees (IACUC) Approval ID# IS00000187–3; Microbial Effect on Mammalian Host.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of Tongji University Shanghai East Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the Tongji University School of Medicine.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Ethical Committee of Research on Human Beings from the René Rachou Institute – Fiocruz Minas (protocols # 05/2008 and # 80235017.4.0000.5091), according to the Brazilian National Council of Health. The study participants were informed about the aims and procedures and agreed with voluntary participation through written informed consent. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
This study was approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University, Beijing, China. Written informed consent to participate in this study was obtained from all patients at the time of admission.
All animal experiments were conducted with the approval of the animal ethics and use committee (IACUC) of Xiamen University (Xiamen, Fujian, China; Approval ID: scxk2013-0006).
All rat studies were performed with approved protocols in compliance with the Association for the Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care and Institutional Animal Care and Use Program, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey Rutgers University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the local ethics committee (Etikprövningsnämnden Uppsala, no. 99398, 22/9 1999, cont, 2003, no. C254/4; no. C45/7 2007, Dnr. 2013/190), and patient consent was obtained. The study adhered to the rules of the Declaration of Helsinki. The surgical specimens were from patients suffering from life-threatening posterior cranial fossa meningioma compressing the brain stem. Human cochleas were harvested at major trans-cochlear skull base surgeries, including facial nerve rerouting. The operations were performed at Uppsala University Hospital by a team of neurosurgeons and otoneurosurgeons. Five cochleae were dissected out using diamond drills of various sizes (
 
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Experimental Animal Ethics Committee of the First Hospital of Jilin University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Veneto Institute of Oncology. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Peking University People’s Hospital. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
All experiments were carried out in accordance with the ethical guidelines of the University of Queensland and with the approval by the University of Queensland Human Research Ethics Committee (Approval number-2019000159).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Animal Care and Welfare, Shantou University Medical College.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Committees for the Institutional Review Board of Harbin Medical University, China. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Committees for the Institutional Review Board of Harbin Medical University, China. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethical committee of the canton of Grisons in Switzerland.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by local animal experimentation ethics committee (Le Comité d’Ethique pour l’Expérimentation Animale Charles Darwin) and National Institutes of Health guide for the care and use of laboratory animals as well as the Directive 2010/63/EU of the European Parliament.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Ethics and Scientific Committee, Department of Physiology, Kasr Al Ainy Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University, Egypt.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the IACUC of Huazhong University of Science and Technology.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of the University of Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by The First Hospital of Jilin University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Experimental Animal Ethics Committee of Guangzhou Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Administration Panel for Laboratory Animal Care at Stanford University (Protocol number: 17566).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Local ethical committee of Almazov National Medical Research Centre. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the animal study because dorsal root ganglia were explanted from euthanized neonatal rats and used as an 
 
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethical Committee of Humanitas Research Hospital (study number: 1960, ID of the experimentation: 545, authorization date: 08-03-2018). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee in the use of animals from Medical School of the University of São Paulo (Protocol No. 123/14).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Duke University Institutional Review Board. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Duke Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital and the Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi’an Jiaotong University. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Human Research Ethics Committee in The First Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The study involving clinical outcome of human participants was reviewed and approved by Institutional Review Board. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent before treatment.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of The Third Hospital Affiliated to Medical University of Zunyi.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Review Board of the Songeui Campus, The Catholic University of Korea. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional Review Board from Federal University of São Paulo. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Bioethics Committee of the University of Salamanca (approval number 380).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institute of Medical Biology, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences.
The study was reviewed and approved by the Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics REK Midt, ref no 136767. Written informed consent from the participants was not required in accordance with national legislation and institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Human Ethics Committee of the University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institute of Ophthalmology Animal Welfare Ethical Review Body (AWERB) and PPL P2C479FB6 August 2022, Home Office UK.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at PLA General Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine (2021-031). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. The animal study was reviewed and approved by The First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine (2021-2).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Human Research Ethics Committee (HREC) of Taizhou hospital of Zhejiang Province. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Shandong University Human and Animal Ethics Research Committee.
The study is in accordance with the German legal and ethical requirements of appropriate animal procedures. The consultation of the Institutional Animal Welfare Body is documented under no. E5/20 by the Animal Welfare Officer of the University of Goettingen.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care Committees of the University of Montreal and the Research Center of the University of Montreal Hospital (CRCHUM).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by French Ministry of Research and Innovation and the Personal data Protection ethics Committee (CPP) of Languedoc-Roussillon (approval DC-2010-1185). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Regional Ethics Committee on Animal Experimentation (APAFIS#5352-20l6050918509993v3).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Experimentation Ethics Committee, School of Medicine, Southeast University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethic Committee of the Hospital Clinic of Barcelona with the registration number HCB/2016/0546. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Experimental Animal Ethics Committee of Nanjing University of Chinese Medicine.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, China. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, China.
The Balb/c mice’s experiments were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committees at the Institute of Process Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences. The Balb/c mice were purchased from Vital River Laboratories (Beijing, China). The animals were maintained in accordance with the guidelines of Laboratory Animal Care. All the animals were acclimatized to the laboratory for at least 7 days before experiments.
We used an established protocol for collection of extracted teeth in our biorepository and cell isolation that was approved by the Ethics Committee of UT Health San Antonio.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by University of Toronto and St. Michael’s Hospital Research Ethics Boards. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
hUCB was collected from the John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford, UK or provided 
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Renji Hospital affiliated with Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine (No 2018-088). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Biological Research Ethics Committee of Tongji University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Laboratory Animal Center of Zhejiang University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the School and Hospital of Stomatology, Wenzhou Medical University (No. WYKQ2018008). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Joint Chinese University of Hong Kong-New Territories East Cluster Clinical Research Ethics Committee. Written informed consent from the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the Ninth People’s Hospital (approval NO. SH9H-2020-TK60-1). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care and Use Committee of Shanghai Jiao Tong University Affiliated Ninth People’s Hospital (approval NO. SH9H-2020-A132-1). Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by VAAAHS Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Italian Ministry of Health (prot. no. 576/10 approved on 3 February, 2011). Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Harbin Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) at Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center.
All animal experiments were performed in accordance with the National Research Council Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals and were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at Inner Mongolia University, China.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (approval no. LVRIAEC 2011-006).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee from the China Agricultural University (Beijing, China). The 
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Columbia University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC), The George Washington University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by this research was approved by Research Ethics Committee of the Federal University of Goiás (CEP/UFG, protocol no. 2.269.572) and by the Ethics Commission for the Use of Animals of the São Paulo State University Júlio de Mesquita Filho (CEUA/UNESP, protocol no. 0004/2017).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Nanjing Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Zhengzhou University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Health Research Authority (HRA) Cambridge Central Research Ethics Committee (97/092). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Tongji Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Care Committee and the Ethics Committee of Chang Gung Memorial Hospital in Kaohsiung.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Use Committee of the Health Science Center, Shenzhen University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Third Military Medical University.
The parents gave their written informed consent for the treatment and analysis of clinical data. Ethical approval was waived by the local Ethics Committee of Wroclaw Medical University in view of the retrospective nature of the study, and all procedures being performed were part of routine care.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Shanghai Ninth People’s Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University (Protocol Number: SH9H-2019-TK34-1). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Shanghai Ninth People’s Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University (Protocol Number: SH9H-2019-A292-1) and followed the guidelines of the Animal Experimental Ethical Inspection of Shanghai Ninth People’s Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent from the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Cincinnati Children’s Hospital Medical Center Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Veterinary Agency from Portuguese Ministry of Agriculture (DGAV), Portugal.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics committee of Wenzhou Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Review Board of Sun Yat-Sen University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by IACUC of Sun Yat-Sen University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Research Committee of Shanghai Jiao Tong University Affiliated Sixth People’s Hospital.
All studies on human donor blood were performed in accordance with the guidelines and regulations of German legislation, and the experimental protocol was approved by the Ethical Committee of the Landesaurztekammer Baden-Wuerttemberg (Germany). Anonymized blood samples were obtained from healthy volunteers who provided written informed consent.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Comité Institucional para el Cuidado y Uso de Animales de Laboratorio (CICUAL), Facultad de Ciencias Médicas, Universidad Nacional de Cuyo.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethical Committee of Southern Finland (Finland: ESAVI/10300/04.10.07/2016 and ESAVI/38503/2019).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Anhui Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Boards of Qilu Hospital of Shandong University and 3rd Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Institutional Animal Care and Utilization Committee (IACUU) of the First Affiliated Hospital, Sun Yat-Sen University (approval number 2018033).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital of North Sichuan Medical College. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the China Medical University Hospital (The ethics approval number: CMUH107-REC3-074(CR1)). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Newfoundland and Labrador Human Research Ethics Board #2018.210. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institute Ethics Committee, PGIMER, Chandigarh. Written informed consent from the participants' legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. Written informed consent was obtained from the minor(s)' legal guardian/next of kin for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee at the Second Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Chongqing Municipal Committee of Science Technology.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Ethics Committee of Pentagrit Research (vide with the approval number 223/Go062020/IAEC).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee “Catania 2”, ARNAS Garibaldi, Catania, P.zza S. M. di Gesù n. 5. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animals Committee of Shanghai Ninth People’s Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by IACUC of Longhua Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethical and Welfare Committee of Sun Yat-sen University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité de protection des personnes Île-de-France V. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University (NO.2018PS234K). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University (NO.2018PS234K). Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Renji Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of Renji Hospital. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Cangzhou Central Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Wuhan Myhalic Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Weill Cornell Medical College Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent from the participants' legal guardian/next of kin was not required to participate in this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute’s Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Beijing Friendship Hospital Ethics Committee. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comité de Protection des Personnes sud-est 5, IRB: 6705. The ethics committee waived the requirement of written informed consent for participation.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Ethics Committee for medical research at Dongying People's Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Portuguese National Authority (General Direction of Veterinary) (Directives 86/609/EU and 2010/63/EU, Recommendation 2007/526/CE, European Convention for the Protection of Vertebrate Animals used for Experimental or Other Scientific Purposes ETS 123/Appendix A) and Portuguese Laws on Animal Care (Decreto-Lei 129/92, Portaria 1005/92, Portaria 466/95, Decreto-Lei 197/96, and Portaria 1131/97), Portugal; Ethics Committee of the Instituto de Medicina Molecular João Lobo Antunes (IMM), Faculdade de Medicina, Universidade de Lisboa, Portugal.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee of Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the University of Wollongong Human Ethics Committee (HE 13/272). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Ethics Committee and Biosafety Committee, Macquarie University (AEC Reference Nos. 2015/034 and 2017/019; NLRD 5201401007).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) in Sichuan University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Animal Ethics Committee (UKMMAEC).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The human sample study was reviewed and approved by Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the animal study was reviewed and approved by Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of the National Key Discipline of Human Anatomy.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University of Massachusetts Medical School Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by CAEC Valencia. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee at PLA General Hospital.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of IRCCS San Raffaele Scientific Institute of Milan and Italian Ministry of Health (n°220/2016-PR and n°378/2019-PR).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the local IRB of the CHRU of Lille (CSTMT043). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by French national authorization number: 8708503 and French ethics committee registration number APAFIS#14581-2018041009469362 v3.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the local ethical committee (Kantonale Ethikkommission Bern, KEK122/14). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of Tianjin Medical University.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the animal study because all procedures were completed under licences (PPL60/4508 and PPL60/3579) and permission according to the guidelines of the Home Office, United Kingdom.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center IACUC.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Mario Penna Institutional Review Board #1.583.784. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Medisch Ethisch Toetsingscommissie Leiden-Den Haag-Delft, Leiden University Medical Center. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Tulane University IACUC.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Harbin Medical University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee of SAAS.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Renji Hospital Affiliated with Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the University of Pennsylvania Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. Written informed consent was not obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethical approval to perform the study was obtained from the local ethics committee on August 19, 2020 (Control-9867/2020, register REG. CONBIOETICA-09-CEI-011-20160627). A written informed consent for enrollment or consent to use patient data was obtained from each patient or their legal surrogate. The protocol was registered (TRIAL REGISTRATION: 
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Regional Ethical Committee South East. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Hospital Ethics Committee of the International Peace Maternity Child Health Hospital of China Welfare Institute (IPMCH). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Regional Committee for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Western Norway (reference no.: 2013/1497). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethical review approval number: XYLL-2015023, Ethics Committee of Xinxiang Medical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Peking University Health Science Center (LA2019189). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the Peking University Health Science Center.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Case Western Reserve Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the institutional Review Board of the Yonsei University Health System. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Committee on the Ethics of Animal Experiments of Jining Medical University (License ID: 2017-JZ-003).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Data Protection Officer (DPO) at OUH (approval number 2017/3904). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
All animal procedures and experimental protocols were approved by the AAALAC-accredited facility, the Committee on the Ethics of Animal Experiments of the National Taiwan University College of Medicine (IACUC approval No: 20200210).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of the State Medical Board and the Medical Faculty of the University of Münster. The subjects provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Landesamt f r Natur-, Umwelt- und Verbraucherschutz NRW. Patients attended the Centre of Reproductive Medicine and Andrology (CeRA) at the University Hospital M nster or the Clinic for Urology, Pediatric Urology and Andrology in Gießen. All individuals gave written informed consent and the study protocol has been approved by the appropriate ethics committees according to the Declaration of Helsinki (Münster: Kennzeichen 2010-578-f-S, Gießen: No. 26/11).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of Tongji University School of Medicine.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Central Norway Regional Committee for Medical and Health Research Ethics (Reference numbers 5.2007.910 and 2013/212/REKmidt). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of China Pharmaceutical University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of China Pharmaceutical University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committees of the Oncology Institute Prof. Dr. Ion Chiricuta and the University of Medicine and Pharmacy Iuliu Hatieganu, Cluj-Napoca, Romania. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by COMITÉ de ÉTICA DE LA INVESTIGACIÓN con MEDICAMENTOS del HOSPITAL GREGORIO MARAÑÓN. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. Written informed consent was obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of The Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital, Medical School of Nanjing University. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Committee of Experimental Animal Administration of The Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital, Medical School of Nanjing University.
The imaging used to generate the idealized human head shape was built on by the author's (PI) medical imaging, therefore, full permission was received to publish this image.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ruijin Hospital Ethics Committee Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by HREC/16/RCHM/108. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Guangzhou Medical University Animal Research Committee.
Approval for hESC work was obtained from the ISCIII-Comisión Nacional de Garantías (0336E/14973/2017).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the University of Nebraska Medical Center.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Animal Welfare and Human Studies Committee at Shanghai Children’s Medical Center. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics committee of First People’s Hospital of Huzhou. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethically sourced human autopsy cerebral cortex tissues from a deidentified individual of HIV-1 negative with no registered medical complications were obtained from the NIH Neuro BioBank (
 
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by IRAS. The ethics committee waived the requirement of written informed consent for participation.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Huadong hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics and Experimental Safety of the Fudan University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of the Institute of Zoology, CAS (AEI-09-02-2014).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC) of Kangwon National University. Written informed consent was obtained from the owners for the participation of their animals in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Colorado Multiple Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
Experimental protocols were approved by the Ethical Committee in Animal Use (CEUA) of the School of Dentistry-UNESP (Proc. CEUA 12/2018).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Peking University Ethical Committee (PKUSSIRB-201311103). The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Use and Care Committee of the Peking University (LA2013-92).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comitê de Ética em Pesquisa em Seres Humanos do Hospital de Clínicas da Universidade Federal do Paraná. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Nanjing University Experimental Animal Ethics Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Ethical Committee of Harbin Medical University (approval number, SYDW2019-2).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Massachusetts General Hospital Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Ethics Committee of Blood Diseases Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC), Institute of Hematology and Blood Diseases Hospital (CAMS/PUMC).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the University Hospital of Wuerzburg (protocol number #302/12). Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Life Science Ethics Review Committee of Zhengzhou University (permission no: ZZUIRB2020-29).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the Committee at the Calabrodental Dental Clinic (Ethical agreement number CBD-001/TRI/2020. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by The Ethics Committee of Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by University of California San Diego Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal & Plant Health Agency (APHA), Animal Use Ethics Committee (UK Home Office PCD number 70/6905).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by The Institutional Review Board of Peking Union Medical College Hospital. All patients gave their written informed consent for participating in the present study and for the use of their data for publication.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Peking Union Medical Colleague Hospital. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study. The animal study was reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Peking Union Medical Colleague Hospital.
The studies involving human participants and animal study were reviewed and approved by Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Hospital of Youjiang Medical College for Nationalities. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
All animal experimental procedures were performed with strict adherence to the ARVO Statement for the Use of Animals in Ophthalmic and Vision Research and approved by the Animal Care Committee of the Hospital Maisonneuve-Rosemont in accordance with guidelines established by the Canadian Council on Animal Care.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the University of Debrecen (permit number: 4780-2017) in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki.
This studies involving human participants was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board for Human Research Studies at the UNC at Chapel Hill, NC, United States. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by San Raffaele Ethics Committee. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Institutional review board of the China-Japan friendship hospital. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the ethics committee of Institute of Hematology and Blood Diseases Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Animal Ethics Committee of Zhejiang University.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Comitato Etico Indipendente di Area Vasta Emilia Centro (CE-AVEC), Bologna, Italy, and Comitato Etico della Romagna (CEROM), Meldola (FC), Italy. The patients provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the University of Alabama at Birmingham.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the Zhengzhou University.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of Shenzhen Beike Biotechnology Research Institute.
Animal experiments in the study were approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine, China (No. 20190306032).
The animal study was reviewed and approved by All procedures were authorized by the Animal Care and Use Committee of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine.
This study was approved by the human research ethics committee (HREC) of Royal Brisbane and Women’s Hospital (Brisbane Australia), approval number: HREC/2019/QRBW/48780, and the Queensland University of Technology (approval number: 1900000292). All documents were acknowledged by the RBWH research governance (RGO). All participant patients gave their written consent to participate in this study and blood samples were collected from patients before and after brain surgery or needle biopsy. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements. Written informed consent was not obtained from the individual(s) for the publication of any potentially identifiable images or data included in this article.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the National Bioethics committee number VSN19-189. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Hunan Normal University Institutional Animal Care and Ethics Committee.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by Laboratory Animals of the National Institutes of Health.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of Tongji Medical College of Huazhong University of Science and Technology (Permission Number: 2016-0057).
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Peking University People's Hospital. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants' legal guardian/next of kin.
The animal study was reviewed and approved by IRCM Animal Care Committee.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by MD Anderson Institutional Review Board. Written informed consent for participation was not required for this study in accordance with the national legislation and the institutional requirements.
Ethical review and approval was not required for the study on human participants in accordance with the local legislation and institutional requirements. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Neurologico Carlo Besta. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
The studies involving human participants were reviewed and approved by the University of Miami IRB and Jackson Memorial Hospital IRB. Written informed consent to participate in this study was provided by the participants’ legal guardian/next of kin.
Healthy blood was collected in accordance with The Centre for Inflammation Research Blood Resource (AMREC, 148 15/HV/013). Clinically stable CF patients with one F508del mutation were recruited according to NRS Bioresource, East of Scotland research ethics committee 15/ES/0094. The patients/participants provided their written informed consent to participate in this study.
